welcome to tube atlas a powerful pc and
mac desktop software that uncovers top
trending searches as well as top
performing videos and channels directly
on youtube
but that is seriously just a tiny sliver
of what this incredible software can do
for your business
in this video you will also discover how
to get free unlimited legal content how
to extract leads and even reveal the
estimated ad revenue for any video on
youtube this first to market software
packs an incredible 12 powerful built-in
tools for researching data and
optimizing your content on youtube
there is nothing on the planet that
contains all of these tools in one easy
to use software application
it's no secret that youtube is an
absolute powerhouse when it comes to
getting fresh new leads customers and
product sales to your business
in fact youtube gets 14.3
billion visitors per month
that's more than facebook wikipedia
amazon and instagram think about that
for a minute billions of people are
searching for advice about products and
services on youtube right now
and directly from google
90 of people say they discover new
brands and products on youtube every
single day
so the question you should be asking
yourself is am i using youtube to its
full potential in my business
well let me show you how tube atlas can
uncover powerful data you can use to
take advantage of youtube marketing
check this out
you can quickly extract hundreds of
highly targeted keywords directly from
youtube
and then see the youtube search volume
index over the past year for those
keywords at just a click of a button
you can even see trends across other
google properties such as web search
images
news and even google shopping
but i am just getting warmed up
inside the video tool you can pull back
25 different data points instantly
revealing the top videos for any search
phrase
you get access to valuable insights such
as the total views
likes comments subscribers and even
estimated video earnings from ad revenue
there is no other tool online that
provides this level of analysis for
youtube data
need a never-ending source of fresh hot
trending data we even integrated a
feature that extracts the current
trending top youtube videos with just a
single click
but the real power of this tool comes
from the built-in browse and extract
feature
with this feature
you can simply browse any page on
youtube or any page on the internet that
contains youtube video links and with
the click of a button you can analyze
all the found videos extracting 25
powerful data points instantly
and i didn't stop there over the recent
years i've got a flood of customer
requests asking me to design software
that analyzes a youtube channels you
asked
and i delivered with a quick keyword
search or by simply browsing youtube
inside the built-in web browser you can
quickly extract 17 data points for all
given channels
instantly see the total videos
views
subscribers
estimated total earnings
average earnings per video as well as
extract all external links connecting to
each channel
imagine instantly revealing a channel's
top videos that are earning the most ad
revenue
need to collaborate or collect potential
leads from youtube in both the video
and channel tools you can pull back
email addresses found in the video and
channel descriptions making it very easy
to get the contact information you need
fast
now did you know there is a massive
amount of free content you are legally
allowed to use from youtube
millions of videos on youtube have a
creative commons attribution license
which according to youtube this license
allows you to reuse those videos and
video content freely
so to take advantage of this amazing
source of incredibly valuable and free
content on youtube we integrated a
feature to get videos with the creative
commons license
and we integrated a powerful video to
text tool that converts the speech into
text in just seconds so you can reuse
the content in your own marketing
with a click of a button you can legally
transform content from youtube into blog
posts articles ebooks email promotions
social posts anything you desire
not only that we integrated an auto
punctuator allowing you to instantly
punctuate the video content at the click
of a button
just when you thought that was cool
check this out we also built in a very
efficient content spinner that always
produces human readable content by
utilizing the free google translate tool
to make it even easier you can download
video files video thumbnail images audio
files and video files with no audio for
any video on youtube you can also
uncover an absolute treasure trove of
content from video comments but manually
reading through thousands of comments
from several videos is nearly impossible
with the built-in comments tool you can
quickly extract thousands of video
comments into a data grid allowing you
to quickly analyze the top comments and
discover valuable insights in seconds
instead of hours
instantly see the comments that contain
questions or profanity as well as reveal
the most frequent word combinations
this powerful feature quickly allows you
to find the most common issues in just a
few minutes or uncover amazing niche
ideas you would have never thought of
now
youtube is always evolving with new
amazing features
and youtube shorts is one of the hottest
trends this year in taking the internet
by storm
youtube is following the massive success
of tick tock and instagram reels by
introducing their own short form video
platform
in fact youtube shorts receive over 15
billion daily views
with tube atlas you can easily analyze
unlimited youtube shorts revealing the
top earning videos
need help generating powerful and
effective titles for your videos or
client videos simply enter a few
keywords related to your video topic
into the built-in title generator tool
and it will instantly pump out over 1200
different titles you can use or modify
to fit your video content i also built
in two more powerful tools for revealing
more top keywords to help fuel the
success of your video or content
marketing campaigns the tag analyzer
tool instantly extracts all the tag
keywords from given videos showing you
the most valuable tags based on real
data
but what about analyzing the keywords in
video titles no problem we made a tool
for that too
simply click the title analyze option to
instantly see the top word combinations
that you can be targeting in your own
marketing
so stop guessing what the best keywords
are and let tube atlas do all the heavy
lifting for you
but
what about hashtags
let's be honest trying to figure out the
best hashtags to optimize your video
descriptions can be a real pain in the
but inside tube atlas you can generate
the best hashtags using four different
methods to maximize your success
quickly generate hashtags from the
keyword generator tool
the trends tool
as well as
the tag analyzer and title analyzer
tools
it's never been easier to get very
powerful hashtags you would have never
thought of
with over 12 powerful built-in tools
waiting for you inside tube atlas you
will have a massive unfair advantage
over your competition by uncovering top
performing content on youtube in just
minutes
with tube atlas you not only have the
power to uncover top videos and channels
but you also have the ability to create
unlimited free unique and legal content
from hundreds of millions of videos on
youtube
to celebrate the release of the new tube
atlas software we are offering a limited
time discount where you can get access
at the lowest price
that's not all you also get access to
our online video description generator
video description templates
and online hashtag generator bonus tools
plus you also get 10 computer installs
for you and your team including partners
employees outsource team or even your
family
in addition with the commercial license
you can generate interactive html
reports and other documents that you can
deliver to your clients as a service and
keep one hundred percent of the income
with our ironclad money-back guarantee
you can try the software for 30 days
completely risk-free
in just minutes from now you can start
uncovering the best converting content
get access to unlimited free legal
content
collect targeted leads and so much more
directly from youtube
don't miss out on this limited time
offer and take action right now
here we're going to talk about how to
use the keywords tool within a tube
atlas software so to get there all you
have to do is just click on keywords
here within the given tabs so once you
get to the keywords what you want to do
is simply just enter in your seed
keyword for example like dog and go
ahead and click generate and just like
that it'll pull back hundreds of related
keywords to the word dog
from the directly from the youtube auto
suggest engine so i want to explain
where these keywords are coming from let
me just quickly show you
if you go to youtube and you start
typing in the keyword dog
you will notice all of these suggestions
coming down here now these are
predictions so youtube is predicting the
most possible
popular the next popular keyword that
you want to look at so dog barking seems
to be the most popular thing that people
are searching for
when searching for the word dog but if
you put a space and type the letter a
you get a whole bunch of keywords and
then b
and then c and so forth and these are
the most popular keywords that youtube
is predicting that you're looking for so
they have a very sophisticated algorithm
to determine these things so if you look
at this little drop down here
technically the very most important
keyword according to youtube is this one
right here dog crying well i give that a
rank number one from this list and it
goes one two three four you kind of
think of it like running in a race so
when you're number one you're the best
right so number one is the best so
that's where this comes from that's
where the keywords come from and also
this rank number so
as you can see when you put dog a in
there the first one that came up was dog
anxiety music so if you go back to
youtube and type in dog a you will see
dog anxiety music and that's where these
keywords come from
in addition you can see the number of
words that are contained in the keyword
and the number of characters this helps
for people that are looking for long
tail keywords so you can easily sort
your keyword list by
you know the character and length so
what you can do is you can take
advantage of the quick filters at the
very top
just click this little search icon that
you see and you'll see some filters that
come up it's a little window
and you just simply select what you like
or you can type in what you want here
i'll have a separate video that will
show you how to use the filters but i
mean it's pretty self-explanatory if you
change the filter to say greater than 50
you can just go apply and it will do
that but there's no characters greater
than 50 in there to delete out the
column filters you can clear the filters
here or there's another button just down
here filters and then clear filters that
works as well
you can also search within the keyword
just by typing
and as you type it will automatically
filter for you
so the way that this works is the
software will
take the seed keyword and it will and
you have some search ranges here the
first option we did here it just simply
appends the alphabet from a to z and
zero to nine
and that's after the seed keyword now
you can also select to do before the
seed keyword
and also before and after
so what i'm talking about here is when
you we did dog a what if what if we put
the a at the beginning you'll get a
whole bunch of different words and say b
and c
so if you want to get even more keywords
you can do before and after so if we
just hit the clear button in the bottom
right hand corner that will clear out
data grid
we can click generate and as you can see
here really quickly it's putting the
letters before and after as well as the
numbers
now if you want to take it one step
further
there is one where you can do a double
letter now this takes a long time to do
but you can get a lot more keywords i'll
just show you a little bit here
so what it's doing it's just appending
two letters at a time
but you can see he has to go through
1296 extractions in order to get all the
keywords but if you do it this way
you can see you're getting an incredible
amount of keywords so again if you go
back here and if you type in
dog
a
and then b
c d
all the way through the alphabet and so
on and so forth then you move on to b a
then b b
so it's just kind of two letters
appended
let's stop that there but you see we
already got
1554 keywords and it was only about a
quarter way through so you can see how
many keywords you get pretty much
unlimited number of keywords directly
from youtube pretty awesome
let's go ahead and clear that out
another feature that you can do in here
let's say you want to look at multiple
keywords so if you want to do that you
just have to separate them by a comma so
if i want to do dog comma and then puppy
now i can go i'm just going to select
the seed after
click generate so it will do both words
so zoom dog right now and now it's
switched over to puppy
and now we have 500 keywords for those
two
another cool feature you can do
is if you use the
asterix so if i go dog
asterisks
toy
what will happen here is this will be
overridden so what will happen is none
of this will work inside the search
range what will happen instead is the
software will automatically just replace
that asterisk
with the alphabet so let's go ahead and
do it and you can see here it's just
putting the
and it got 45 keywords where the actual
alphabet was put in between there so
what am i talking about if you go back
here and you go dog a toy you're going
to get all those words then b
and c
and so on and so forth and this gives
you just excellent set of keywords that
you wouldn't have thought of like a you
know let's take a look here a
dog dog toy well that's not very good
like dog chewing on toy you know things
like that you wouldn't actually think of
dog playing with toys those keywords
could be really valuable when you're
doing your marketing
a few other things you can do here you
can actually select the country that you
would like to get the keywords from
now there's some features when you
right-click you can send corresponding
keywords to the trends tool or the video
tool or the channel tool
you can also get search volume which
i'll show in a different video
you can also send selected keywords to
the keywords everywhere tool i'll show
that in other videos as well but
keywords everywhere is a paid service so
a lot of my customers
requested this that they wanted to be
able to use the keywords everywhere data
so if you have
an account at keywords everywhere then
you can use the built-in tool and it
goes through their api system again
that's a paid service and in my opinion
it's probably the cheapest paid service
you'll ever find for keyword research
that's incredibly inexpensive anyhow
i'll have a video for that but let's
take a look at some other features down
here
the check boxes in order to select check
boxes
you want to you can use
when you right click and you go check
boxes and you can access them here or
you can click the little check box up
here in the first column
and you get the same options so it's
pretty self-explanatory here if you want
to select all checks for all rows
if you want to unselect checks for all
rows
just for highlighted rows so highlighted
means when you see this little
highlighted it doesn't matter where you
click within a row that row is
classified as highlighted so if i go
select highlighter rows you'll see it
gets there if you hold down your control
key on your keyboard you can select
multiple at a time
and then you can do
select highlighted columns or rows sorry
just like that and you can also unselect
them
you can also
access your filters
now there's i already showed you the
quick filters there's also the custom
filters
you can load you can show your your
custom filters pretty self-explanatory
you can just select here the column that
you want
the compare type you want to do
you apply it and your
filter will be applied you can save your
filter files and stuff again i'm going
to be showing this in a different video
i just want to quickly show you this
here so i'm going to go ahead and clear
out the filters
filters clear
now also when you right-click you also
get access to the copy options here are
pretty self-explanatory but i do want to
say when you see the word selected in
capital letters there what that means is
when the check boxes are selected so
that's what that means when you select
the check boxes
so that's what means you see selected
and so if you go back to copy i want to
copy selected rows let's say selected
keywords to clipboard so when you do
that and then you open up you know
somewhere where you want to paste your
keywords
you'll see those are the ones that we
selected here
when you copy you can copy
all the keywords to your clipboard you
can also do searches here so if you
right click and you search
and you say you go google trends if you
click that
what's gonna happen here is
it'll automatically open up your web
browser and show
a five group up to five google or sorry
up to five keywords that are selected
now we also do have the google trends
built into the software so we'll get
into that to another video and that's
where you can just send selected over to
the trends tool but we'll do that
another video
so you can also do other things here you
can also search
you know google and bing and
amazon etsy whatever let's say for
example you want to search etsy you just
right click and do that it'll
automatically search those selected
keywords
through etsy so it's kind of a handy
little thing to have
then you can right click you do autofit
columns reset columns and you can also
delete
and remove duplicates and things like
that
so pretty self-explanatory
now for file saving it's quite quite
simple just down the bottom there you'll
see that file button you can right click
and you'll get access to a bunch of
features so let's do that
so you can go ahead and save to a
project file let's do that so if i just
save to a project file
just brings me up to the documents
folder here i'm just going to create a
new folder and just call it tube atlas
saves or something like that whatever
you want to call it doesn't really
matter and this is where you can i'm
going to save my file and this is a tube
atlas keywords file so it can only be
opened up using keyword atlas um
sorry not keyword atlas sorry tube atlas
keywords tool so i kind of get a little
mixed up
so
if i go to clear out this data
and i go file load
i can load this
into tube atlas
now you can also save to
a comment separated value file so i can
select that and click there
now when you save a file on your
computer i made it really handy to get
to where you last saved your files by
clicking file you'll notice this here
open last working folder and it'll open
it up right inside your windows explorer
so you can see where you just saved that
file it's pretty handy if i click that
you can now see
the data
that we just saved
you can save it to text file you can
copy as well
and you can go to the install folder so
pretty self-explanatory
that's basically how you use the keyword
generated tool to get you know hundreds
if not thousands of keywords
for whatever you want in the seed
keyword when you put your c keywords in
here you just get hundreds and hundreds
of really targeted keywords and what's
really important is are these are coming
directly
from youtube
in another video here i will be showing
you how to get search volume by using
the free import tool as well as the
keywords everywhere
thanks for watching we'll see in the
next video
now i'm going to show you how to
basically import
free search volume data into the
keywords tool you can also apply this
exact same thing in the trends tool as
well you got a volume
volume data button down here so let's
just do it in keywords and you can do
exact same thing in trends so let's go
ahead and do that so once you've got
your keywords here i want to see the
search volume data how many searches per
month does this get so there's a couple
of free sources where we can get that
from if you go down here and go search
volume
let's bring this up a little bit so you
can see it
you got two options you can import
search volume data this is where you can
import it for free
and then you can also do use the
keywords everywhere tool which is a paid
service so i'll do that in a separate
video let's go ahead and click import
search volume data you can also do it by
right clicking and get search volume
right here so same thing and it brings
up this little window here
which is how we import the
search volume so i found two free
sources to get
some search volume data from the first
one is a service called story base and
the second one is the google keywords
planner so let's go ahead and do the
google one first and then we'll go ahead
and do the other one after so google
um if you have a google account you can
easily access the google keyword planner
i believe you've got to have a google
ads account now i got my ads account
probably close to 15 years ago so i'm
sure it's changed now but from what i
recall from what i've read recently
online is that once you get a google ads
account i think you just add a credit
card to your account and then you'll get
access to the free keywords planner tool
but you don't have to actually put
anything on your credit card or anything
like that you don't charge it or
anything
that's what i remember reading it may
have changed because i mean those guys
change all the time but
anyhow all you have to do
is uh once you bring this up you got
some options here so you want to select
the number of keywords per set so
with the story base you can only do a
maximum of 800 keywords at a time
but with the keywords or google keyword
planner you can actually do 2500
keywords at a time so depending on which
option you're choosing here storybase or
google you can select the sets so how
does this work
so you see in my
underneath here
we've got
bring it back into view we got 494
keywords in here
and it automatically just put it into
one set but let's say we had like 5000
keywords well this tool will
automatically separate into sets of 800
or sets of 2500 for you in this little
handy grid here
so we only have one set right now so if
there's more than 500 more than 800
keywords it would actually put it into
two separate sets for us so all that
does it just makes it really easy to
copy the keyword so all you have to do
is select this copy button and if you
have this button this check box here
open browser when clicking the copy
button if you click that copy button it
automatically copies the keywords to my
my clipboard and it's taking me
automatically to the google keywords
tool
i don't want to verify right now
it goes directly to where we want it
to paste them so it's discover new
keyword sorry get search volume and
forecast click there
right click and paste
and then click get started
and now that we have the keywords in
here what we want to do is download if
you click this little button right here
you can download the
historical metrics into a dot csv file
so let's download that
to our computer
and one handy thing is i'm not sure
where i want to download it
so what i can do is i can bring back up
tube atlas here and you'll see this
button open working folder
and this is the folder i've been working
in so what i'm going to do is i'd like
to save that data here so here's a
little quick tip for windows users
you'll see this bar here in your windows
explorer if you just click in the white
space it will select it all then you can
right click and you can copy that
this is the basically where i want to
save that data so if i go back to
google chrome here and it's asking me
where do i want to save it well i'm
going to go up in a bar up here
and i'm going to
left click and then i'm going to right
click i'm going to paste
and then i hit this little arrow
it's going to go to where i want to save
it so just a little bit of a windows tip
there to get to where you want to go and
i'm going to save that there
so now that it's saved
here it is
right there all we have to do is just
drag that
file
right there
and now we have the monthly searches
cost per click and the competition so
now we can do our sorts
and also
do like
what we call it the filters and things
and such like that
and that's basically how you could
import your
search volume using google
uh keyword tool so let's try doing it
with the other tool
okay so if we
right click here and we go to get search
volume we can try using the story base
so i had to pause the video there we
have a different set of keywords here
for a second so let's go ahead and click
copy and that will bring you right to
this the search volume that i o which is
earned by sort of owned by story base
and so now what we can do is we just
right click and we can paste those
keywords in here and go submit
and they allow you to have 800 searches
a day for free so now if we download
this common limited file again to the
same location
and we could see here export another
cool handy thing let's say you had this
window closed here and you didn't want
to drag and drop into here you can
actually drag and drop directly into the
grid so if you grab that export
and just drag right into the grid you'll
see the grid
accepted just like that so now you got
your monthly searches as you can see
with the
the search volume i o you're getting
monthly searches but you're not getting
the other data
as here they just offer the monthly
searches for free
so it's nice to have the google keyword
planner as it gives you
better data a little bit more data but
that's how you can get it for free
so that's basically how you can import
search volume data into the keywords
tool as well as the trends tool
next i'm going to talk about the
keywords everywhere tool now keywords
everywhere is a paid service so i just
want to show you what they are here so
keywords everywhere is basically a paid
chrome extension or firefox extension
and it kind of lives inside your web
browser when you're searching around the
internet what not so this is the
the product that i'm talking about and a
lot of my customers and people that use
my software really love to get access
to their keywords everywhere data
through my software so they offer an api
key option here now api means
application programming interface and
this is just a fancy way of saying that
me as a programmer i have the ability to
connect my software to your keywords
account keywords everywhere account
using something called an api key it's
kind of like a secret password it's like
logging into something basically gives
us the ability to access data that
keywords everywhere provides and they
provide great search volume data so if
you're already using your you already
have a keywords everywhere account this
is perfect for you and if you're not
using keywords everywhere then i suggest
trying it out it's really good and so we
can
import free search volume data as shown
in another video but if you have a
keywords everywhere account this is how
you can take advantage of it so the
first thing you need to do is before you
actually use the tool you have to enter
in your api key and to get to it you can
go tools
and you'll see keywords everywhere tool
you bring it up here and what we have to
do is we have to put in your api key and
so to get it you just click the button
get key
and i'll bring up the web browser here
just bring it into view
and then what you want to do is enter
your email in there
so i'll do that
and email
me my key
went to my email here and then you click
this click here to get your
access to your api key and here's the
key and so all you gotta do is just copy
that
and then go back over to the keywords
everywhere tool and then here right
click and paste
and once you paste it in there the
software now is going to remember your
key so you don't have to keep pasting it
in there all the time
and now it's it's good to go so what
i'll do i'll just kind of make this a
little bit bigger like that i'm just
going to close it out and so i'm in the
keywords tool here and i just generated
almost 500 keywords by starting with the
seed keyword diy so what i'd like to do
is now investigate these keywords using
my keywords everywhere account
and
before i actually show you that let me
just bring that back up
tools
if you go to
learn more here
the pricing so you do have to pay for
this service and in my opinion it's one
of the cheapest i've seen
um i just bought
a million credits for a hundred dollars
and if this one credit for one keyword
to get data and just through my testing
i'm still at 997
000 and i've integrated this tool into
several software now so even through my
testing i barely even touched that so
maybe the 100 option might be too much
for you but i did have a little handy
link down here you can just click that
brings you straight to the the purchased
website
but um
yeah you have to have a paid account
in order for this to work so let's go
back to the keywords and show you how to
use the tool so what you want to do is
you can send these keywords over to the
keywords tool by
either right clicking and you can send
selected keywords to everywhere tool or
all of them and i also have this button
down here search volume and those
options are there as well so if you go
under keywords everywhere you got those
same options right here
and you also have the option just
opening up the tool you can also open up
the tool as i shown here just by the
tools button so let's go ahead and just
select some keywords obviously you don't
want to be sending like 500 to a
thousand keywords at a time you kind of
want to use a little bit of of kind of
refining your keywords a bit before you
send it over because it does cost you
money
to do that right so one thing to think
about is like diy obviously that's going
to be an impossible keyword to rank for
because it's just it's too popular right
so you want to be looking at sort of
long longer tail keywords so one thing
you can do here is you can select
keywords that say
um
sort of keyword
account or say more than like three
keywords and kind of stick with those
ones more long tail you can also work
with the you know the maximum number of
characters
if you like
and you select the ones that you want so
i'm just going to go ahead and just
select these 200 just for example
purposes i'm going to go right click and
then you can send it all
for selected again um what the word
selected means you select the check
boxes so if you select these check boxes
it's just going to send these keywords
you've selected but i'm just going to
right click and send them all
so what it does it brings up the
keywords everywhere tool and then brings
up this little import window
and i bring up this import window you
just click get data but it kind of
automatically does it free and throws in
all the keywords
now i have 700 in here because i guess i
was
working in here before so i'm going to
clear this out and just do that one last
time here right click
send all
there we go now we have the 206 in here
and all you have to do is just click go
now it's going to go to my keywords
everywhere account
and it's grabbing the data
and you can see it took the credits away
now not all keywords will have data
so the ones that return data will show
up here in these graphs
and then we can also sort by the total
average
and we do that we built see all the
graphs right away
and so you can see all the keywords that
have
data returned by keywords everywhere now
remember these are long tail keywords so
that's why a lot of them didn't come
back with a lot of data
and so what we do here is we can see the
keyword the word count character count
and you have access to all the quick
filters like the other tools you think
this is like a complete built-in tool
you got all the data you get from
keywords everywhere
and i also have an internal a date time
here because
every time you use this tool i just
generate this date and time to put in
here because you may actually check out
this keyword say in a couple months so
it's nice to see when you actually got
that data
and then here's just some averages so
the one month average three months
average six month average
as you can see here in the graph what's
really cool about keywords everywhere
on their um
api documentation that's really cool you
can see the data that i can extract it's
down here and they give you this trend
so this monthly
monthly trend volume search volume
for the for an entire year so i took
advantage of that and put it into the
software as a graph like so so if you
just double click that it'll show you
the bigger graph and now you can see
each day
the search volume
and you can also save this if you'd like
you can actually save this to a image
file
or you can save the data to a text or
comma separated value file so that's
cool
and what's neat is you can just double
click and you can actually keep this off
to the side and just keep double
clicking and then keep looking at the
charts
now
what's awesome that i integrated in here
is
i've added these averages so one month
three months six months average so he's
just taking the average over these bars
each bar represents one month
and you come over here i also added some
trends so the trend slope and trend
spike so what's the trend slope
if you just sort by the trend slope
and you get the positive numbers there
that means the overall for the last year
this is trending upwards you can see
this is all trending sun kind of in that
direction overall it's trending upwards
and that's
how you sort when you sort by the
trending slope so you know that for the
entire year it's kind of going up to now
another one is the trending spike so
this just concentrates on the last three
months whether or not that particular
keyword is spiking you see this one's
really spiking right now this one's
spiking this one's kind of spiking
so those are some additional features
that i created and integrated into this
tool that keywords everywhere doesn't
provide so
it's pretty awesome and very powerful so
now you can really dig in and get all
this wicked information directly from
your keywords everywhere account
and so up here
i forgot to mention these you can
actually select your country
on the currency and they also provide a
data source
google keyword planner and click stream
data
so what this means is i got this
information directly from their website
honestly can't remember where i found it
but somewhere in their help files but
basically
with the click stream data
it provides you with things like
misspelling data for misspellings and
other sorts of stuff that google ads
doesn't allow so
i i did find something let me just see
if i can find it again
in their news section here i saw
september
3rd 2020 they talk about the click
stream data here
and so they're basically collecting data
to do with banned keywords misspellings
and groupings
so it was interesting so what they do is
they actually by default in their
um
plugin
they default it to
google keyword planner and click stream
data so i forgot to keep their default
as well but if you're not
interested in that sort of click stream
data then you can just select the google
keyword planner option here but
so that's what the data source is
and with this data here you can do
what you can do in pretty much the other
tools is you can go down here you can
utilize filters you can show custom
filters and do custom filters like
before or you can use the quick filters
at the top
you can also save the data to
a data file
so you save it there
and so then you can open up that
that actual file back into the software
you can save it to comma delimited file
or text file
so
pretty simple to save and open data
within this tool but
i figured i'd integrate this tool as
well into tube atlas to give you an
additional sort of way to get more data
from another tool you may be already
using keywords everywhere is very
popular and a lot of people are already
using it so if you're utilizing that
tool then you can utilize this and get
extra data or extra sort of data points
i created by taking advantage of the
averages and trend slopes so you can
really pinpoint those keywords that you
want to be targeting in your marketing
so that's how you use the keywords
everywhere tool thanks for watching i'll
see you in the next video
okay in this video i'm going to talk
about the trends tool within the tub
list software so to get access to it
you'll see up here along the the tabs
you go to the trends
and so this tool is pretty exciting for
me because i've personally always wanted
to build this but never could really
kind of make a good working copy of it
but i've finally done it now what this
is basically is the google trends tool
so if you go to google trends
you'll notice when you stick a keyword
in here like a diy
and you search in here it gives you an
index of how popular that is over
whatever you select for these things
here for like the the country and
the time categories and the property
and so what i've done
is i've finally figured out how to
integrate these charts directly in the
software
now that tool does come with limitations
so
on google trends if you use this tool
through a web browser you can't search
for let's say a hundred key words in a
minute they'll limit you let's say okay
you've used the tool too much you gotta
wait for a little bit to use it again
and if you do over a thousand keywords
really quick within like an hour or
something like that then they say you
can't use the tool for 24 hours then 24
hours later you can use it again so they
do have some limitations so that their
servers aren't being you know used so
much
i've got past those limitations using
some things within this tool so you can
get access to using that tool more so
let me explain how to do it but first
and foremost you've basically all you
have to do is put your keywords in here
select your options here the country
time period category and property i have
a defaulted to youtube search since it's
within the youtube atlas software but
you're not limited to that you can also
do image search
sorry web image news and google shopping
so let's go ahead and do an example here
and so i'm going to send some keywords
over from the keywords tool here let's
go and just
sort by rank and just
let's just grab
a few of them like that maybe
like this
right click and you can send the
selected over to the trends tool and
here they are and all we have to do is
go ahead and click go
and like i said
you don't want to be using this like
heavily if you're a heavy user then
you're going to have to use the built-in
proxies and we'll get into that next but
i do want to mention one thing if you're
not going to use proxies i suggest being
careful with this and
use the settings so there's a settings
button here and you'll see this first
setting here after 50 web connections
pause between 10 and 60 seconds this is
really good to do
you can even lower it down to you know
after 20 web connections sort of thing
and if you're using proxies then this
one would be relevant but this one will
work with proxies or without proxies now
if you don't know what a proxy is
basically a web proxy is a way of
connecting to the internet through
someone else's computer it's kind of
like a virtual private network you
probably may have heard vpn proxy's
similar i'll get into that later but
so it's a good idea to make sure in the
settings that you have this so that it
will pause after a certain amount of
connections to you know make sure that
you're not using up the rate limiting
that google
uses on their on the trends tool so they
limit the amount of
you can use it like i was mentioning but
anyhow but you see now you can get
access to the google trends in these
handy graphs directly for all your
keywords inside this tool and i've added
some additional things here that you
can't get on their google trends tool so
now remember we searched the youtube
properties so these are
are the interest on people on youtube
which is really powerful and of course
we've only did the time period of last
30 days but we can do 90 in a year
and what we can do here is now we can
see the word count the character count
and now the total average across there
so if i just double click any of these
it'll bring up a little chart and you
can do a bar chart or a line chart so
down here if you click this little check
box it'll go to a line chart or a bar
chart
if you'd like to see this on google
trends you can click that button it'll
bring it up right in here
they do give you some other things here
some other related topics and stuff like
that so it's always good to go to their
site and look at that page but you can
quickly just see
the
data right in here you could even save
this data to
image files or you can save the data
right out to the pure data right out to
text file or comma separated value file
and what's nice is you can keep this
window up to the side and let's say
let me just move this over a little bit
let's move it to the other side here and
for just double clicking these these
images you'll see this automatically
shows in that window so it's kind of
handy
and
what i've done here is you can see the
total average so if we sort by the total
average so this one has the most
the highest average
search index
now we can look at the trending slope
minus means it's going down
plus means it's going up
so this one is generally sort of going
up you can't really see it there's a lot
of points in there it's kind of like all
scattered but you could kind of tell
it's going up
on the trending spike this just looks at
the most recent data points just a
couple of points here
each when you select these it's
different so with the 30 days i believe
it's like about a week it'll take a look
at and then when you select like a month
or 90 days it'll be more like a you know
more than one week and this is more than
a couple months or something like that
but it just checks to see recently
whether or not it's been spiking
and so that's really handy to have there
as well
so when you right click the grid you do
have access to a bunch of other stuff
here like in all the other grids you
have access to check boxes filters
you can copy
keywords and things like that you can
search as well
and of course you can send um
to the video search tool or channel
search tool so for example you want to
do the
diy nails the way this works is whatever
one is highlighted so
when you see it colored like that the
cell it doesn't matter where you
highlight on the corresponding row it
doesn't matter when you right click and
go send to video it will send the
corresponding keyword
so you see here
or if you right click and go channel
search it does like that so that's how
you use that part
and then you can also get the search
volume so i made a um
a separate video you can get free search
volume so you click there
you follow that video i've already
created in the help video section how to
get free import free search volume from
story base or google keywords planner so
you can do that as well
we also have the
keywords everywhere tool available for
this i also recorded another video for
that keywords everywhere is a paid
service so if you already pay for that
service i've built in a tool that will
connect to your paid keywords everywhere
account and extract a bunch of really
cool data so make sure you watch that
video it's pretty powerful
and you also in that tool you also get
access to graphs like this as well so
now you can compare the trend graphs
from google trends
to keywords everywhere search volume
graphs so it's pretty awesome
awesome data to have access to all
within one handy little software so it's
very exciting that i got this built out
and you can access the filters as well
so again if you just click these little
search
kind of images there those magnifying
glasses you can search with quick
filters and whatnot
and you can clear out the filter anytime
you want by clicking here
i'll be creating another video showing
how to use the filters more in depth but
you can also do the
custom filters so you get access to that
down here
and down here in the file button you can
save the trends data to a file save to a
project file
and this trans file can only be opened
up by the software itself
sorry by this tool so if you save it
and then let's say we clear that
and we go file load project file so it
can only load into the trends data
so if you want to save the actual data
in different formats you can save it to
comma separated file or text or if you
just want to save just the keywords i
also put some of the copy functions here
and
as with my most my software i put the uh
i can't see it in view here just give me
a second
there we go
open last working folder or the install
folder these are handy when you save a
file you don't remember where you saved
it last you just click that it'll
automatically just tell you where you
saved it last
so that's cool
so that's basically an overview of how
to use the trends tool it's quite
self-explanatory but like i said be
careful using this tool you may find
that you'll run into your limit it'll
it'll give you a warning saying you know
you've ran your limit we suggest using
proxies so i'll do another video a
separate video on how to use the proxies
and if you click the little show button
over here this is where we get access to
inserting the proxies and i want to show
you how to get free proxies how to load
free proxies and how to get really
really good free proxies so
i'll do that in a separate video so this
one's not too long but for now
make sure in the settings that you
utilize and take advantage of this first
setting
after 50 web connections pause i would
even recommend doing 20
just to make sure you know and then you
can even do between 60 seconds and 120
seconds you know to make sure that
you're not running into any rate
limiting and
and you won't have any problems it does
take a lot longer you just have to be
patient but think about it imagine
having to go through say like 500
keywords one at a time on the google
trends
website that'd be take forever right and
for what i've seen on the internet i'm
not even sure if you can get google
trends into any software like this so
this might be the only place you can do
it but don't quote me on that i'm not
positive just from what i've seen so far
during the research of creating this
tool and it took me a long time to
figure out how to create this tool i
just couldn't find anything that was
similar anyhow
that's how you use this tool and in the
next video there i'm going to show you
how to utilize the proxies and you can
pretty much use this limitlessly so see
you next video
right next we're going to move on to
showing how to use the proxies for the
trends tool as i mentioned in a previous
video that if you intend to use this
tool very very heavily for a lot of
keywords very fast it's highly
recommended to use the proxies option so
what is a proxy basically it's like
instead of connecting to this
this gathers data from the google trends
tool instead of i'm going to google
trends directly through your computer
and getting the data what you're doing
is you're going through other computers
located around the world
and you're into according to google it
looks like the data's looks like you're
coming from a different country a
different location which basically
allows you to kind of get around the
rate limiting
restrictions so if you go to google
trends and you try to use that tool
let me show you the google trends tool
real quickly if you try to use the
google trends tool here and and enter in
a whole bunch of keywords really really
fast so if you do like let's say a
hundred key words in a minute and you
keep using it over and over again
they'll say hey wait a minute you know
you've used it quite a bit now you got
to wait for another
five minutes before you can use it again
and then if you use like a thousand
times within an hour really quick um
they'll be like okay you have to wait
for a day before you can use it again so
you don't want to be you know getting to
the rate limit too much and using our
software here
you have the ability to look at
thousands of keywords at a time so it's
highly recommended utilizing proxies
which is totally normal a lot of
software programs use it and i've
integrated a way so that you can use
free proxies of course it is highly
recommended to use paid proxies because
they're amazing they work extremely well
but i have some pretty exciting stuff to
show you in this video so let me show
you how to do it so let's go ahead i'm
going to clear this out
and i have some keywords in here for now
i'm just going to leave them there so
they can utilize this so when you want
to use proxies you have to select this
check box at the top
in order to use proxies and the proxies
can be entered into here now this is a
certain format you need to enter proxies
so let me just hit this little button
here and you will see i guess you can't
see it in view it'll show you the
formatting
so the way that it looks like a proxy
has basically four parts two or four
parts usually it's just two parts the
first part is called a host which is
just an ip address
so it's just numbers separated by
periods and then there's a colon
and then the port number which is just a
number and so it usually looks like that
this is example here of a host and a
port
and then another one if you get better
proxies that have a username and a
password then it would look like this so
it will be the host the port
the username and the password all
separated by colons and that would be
one per line
so what you want to do what i've done
here is i've integrated a way to get
free proxies i found
a source on the internet where proxies
are totally public the problem with free
proxies you have to realize
hundreds maybe thousands of other people
are also using the same proxy so
they may not work after a while and they
don't work very well usually but
i found a source where the proxies are
actually refreshed once per day which is
not bad so if you click this button down
here load free proxies
it'll go in and load free proxies and
usually it's between 100 to 200 proxies
every day that are loaded again other
people are also using these proxies
and so now we can use them
i do want to mention the settings so if
you click settings here or up here
you have some settings here so after 50
connections pause between 10 and 60
seconds usually when you're using
proxies
you probably don't really have to worry
about that that's just an extra thing if
you don't want a proxy to like um not
work after a while like each one of
these consider it as a computer so if
you go to this computer and if you're um
requesting you know 50
like a thousand keywords from one
one computer
to go and analyze inside of google
trends like say a thousand keywords on
one ip address or one proxy you know
after a while that proxy ain't going to
work anymore google is going to say hey
look we're going to restrict you for 24
hours that means that proxy is not going
to work for you anymore and you got to
go to the next one
so
you can limit that by using this option
maximum consecutive connections per
proxy and i suggest
having
no more than 50 maybe you can even do
20. so what this does is after 50 web
connections it just moves on to the next
proxy and what's nice as i built in here
it automatically manages it for you so
if you come along and one of the the
proxies don't work it just kind of
removes it so for this example what i'm
going to do i'm just going to click this
and i'm going to undo that one
i'm going to click ok
and let's go ahead we like we don't even
have 50 keywords we only have 10 so it
ain't going to switch but let's go ahead
and try this so as i suggested
the free proxies
usually don't work very well sometimes
and it takes a while
for those proxies to even respond so you
can see here it's taking a while but all
you have to do is if you want to go the
route of just using free proxies no
problem
you just set it to go and then you can
start working on something else that
you've been doing other keyword research
something like that or even you can open
up another
instance of this software and continue
doing other research so you can see now
that one proxy is actually working the
very first one
but you can see just how slow it is
but remember this is absolutely free so
you'd never get banned from google or
not banned but i like to say just
temporarily restricted they're not like
technically banning you there's no
you know internet police coming to your
door or something because you're
searching google a free google trends
tool on your internet computer or
whatever so
anyhow
so you can see it does take a while and
when this proxy doesn't want to seem to
work anymore it'll go to the next one
but there's 181 here so
what's nice is
these proxies will actually just once
you put them in here the computer will
kind of just remember them so if you
close and open up the software it'll
remember all the proxies you had in
there
but every day that you use a software
you come in you can load the free saw
sorry free proxies and you can go ahead
and use it
so that was a pretty exciting
resource that i found on the internet
that will always have
these fresh proxies and from what i can
see these proxies
the people who are responsible this
actually been doing it for years from
this one resource so i'm pretty
confident that it's going to be great
but i do want to mention another source
of proxies
that
i found out through a fellow internet
marketer that just blew my mind and i am
absolutely super excited to show you now
you can use these free proxies anytime
you want but i'm telling you there's
another source of free proxies that is
just amazing let me show you that
so if you go to google and type in web
share proxy
and then click on here
webshare dot io
accept now
these guys um
it is pay you can pay for proxies but
they have a free plan so i'm just going
to log into mine right now
okay and what they do
i'm logged into my account and i
remember i i'm not actually paying
anything at the moment but
um
they give you 10 free proxies
which allows you to download up to
uh what was it now i think
20 gigabytes per month i believe or no
one gigabyte
per month
which actually is quite a bit for me
just testing and whatnot i've hardly
even
touched the amount but you get 10
proxies in different countries and these
proxies are awesome like i'm
so surprised so happy that i found this
so basically you can go into your proxy
list
now i please i'm asking you not to use
my proxy list because i'm using these
proxies for developing software so
if you guys are watching this go and
steal my proxies then i mean i'm not
going to be able to do the research but
anyhow if you come in here you're going
to get access to your proxies and you'll
see your list right here
and what you can do is you could
download your proxy list right here so
you can download it
so i can download the proxy list
and should this just download to my
downloads folder here
and i'll just open it up
and you'll see i have a list of proxies
so i'll grab these right click in copy
and let's go over to here i'm just going
to clear these out right click
select all actually what you can do
is you go file and you can go clear
right click and paste and there's my
proxies and once i paste them in there
they're going to be saved
and then what i can do is i can just
hide this i don't need to see my proxies
anymore let's clear this out i'm going
to clear this out i'm going to go back
over to keywords
and you can see there's 252 i'm going to
right click and send those all over to
the keywords too
sorry wrong tool
right click
send all to the trends tool
and i'm going to go ahead
and i'm going to click go
and you can see just how fast
it's actually pulling the data right now
with this with these uh awesome proxies
so
you can see here it's already up to 25
and when it gets to 50 it'll
automatically just go ahead and switch
over
to the next proxy
and if any one of them fails then it'll
just automatically come out of the list
and kind of keep it organized for you
can see now it's got the 50 now it just
switched over to another proxy
and it's continued on
so normally if you're not using any
proxies and you're trying to get um this
data for like you know 250 keywords
you'll most likely run into a rate limit
really quickly probably within about
within about a hundred keywords or so
you'll get a rate limit and and google
limia for like five minutes or something
like that and you gotta wait that's why
i put those settings in there so it will
actually wait for you every you know
every
connections and you wait for a bit but
when you're using proxies just go ahead
and switch the proxy every 50 or so
and
because there's 10 of them in there you
know you got to go through all 10 of
them just 500
kind of thing
before
it gets to the
beginning of the proxies again so by the
time it gets there there's no really
rate limit from that particular proxy
now these are free proxies so they
i i'm not sure if they're actually used
by other people or not within web share
but
in any case
they're actually pretty phenomenal we
can already see we're getting pretty
close i'm not speeding up this video or
anything that just is just in real time
so you can see just how fast it is
now webshare
actually provides you with paid proxies
so you go back into subscription
my plan
is just a free one
that you browse plans here
so browsing the plans here
you can see
you can select a whole bunch of things
and you can like select a plan i i
quickly just paused the video a little
bit and i went through it you see right
now the current plan is 19 bucks a month
but i mean you can just select the proxy
server here and then number two how many
proxies would you like to have like
we were using 10 and you could see the
software went through the 250 words no
problem all the way through
but you know 100 would probably be fine
come down here location just leave it
around the world the bandwidth
you probably could just did 250 gigs a
month that seems a lot you know now
we're down to three dollars a month
it'd probably be cool to have your
your proxies refreshed every once in a
while let's say every week
it's five bucks a month and then if you
pay
uh yearly
so forty four dollars a year
you're looking at three dollars
and seventy cents a month like that's
pretty pretty cheap and these proxies
you could probably use them and all
sorts of other
you know tools if you use some sort of
tools that require proxies then
i mean at three bucks a month that's
pretty hard to beat for
that many proxy so it's actually a
really good deal if you do it something
like that
but let's go back to the software there
and you can see
now we can go and view the stuff like
the
total average
and we can see there this one had best
total average or we can go the trend
slope
see anything is sloping up
there's not much kind of even there how
about
the trend the spike
this these ones are spiking right now
diy utility trailer diy accent wall
xbox anyways
so you can see
that using those proxies that i showed
you there
these ones here for from webshare
works uh they work incredibly well from
what i've seen so far
and um through my testing and not in
designing software i haven't gone to my
limit yet but if you're a heavy heavy
user then there's a you know you can
always go to the root of
buying paid proxies
they offer very competitive plans here
for
very inexpensive
anyhow i'm really happy with web share
so far
especially with their free plan which is
pretty impressive
now a few other things here you can
down here in the file button this file
button applies to the proxies you can
save
your proxies if you want to a file so i
can just save my proxies if i want
i can always just load them in there
anytime i want now the software does
just remember so the next time you open
the software it will remember whether or
not you've checked this and whether or
not there's proxies in there so if you
hide it whatever it'll just remember you
kind of don't have to worry about it
but basically that's how you use proxies
within the trends tool now i do want to
stress that
proxies are not used anywhere else in
the software only the trends tool
because google has that rate limiting on
their trends tool but this is pretty
awesome because you're getting access to
some features that google trends doesn't
provide for example like knowing the
averages and the trend slopes
that's pretty powerful information on
quickly determining which keywords that
you'd like to use in your marketing by
viewing
the trends over the past past whatever
period you have so this is over the past
30 days so
30 days 90 days or the entire year
and also remember you do you can also
select from categories and different
properties so this is just for youtube
search you can do google shopping
news images and even web search so
there's a lot of data that you can be
getting a lot of very powerful data
you've been getting
from the trends tool
well that's it for this video i probably
let it run way too long and i'll see in
the next one
now i've already mentioned this in a
different video but i thought i'd just
create a real quick one here about where
to get really good reliable free proxies
and also if you possibly want to can buy
proxies as well from the same resource
because they're very inexpensive so
what i want to do is show you the
website it's called web
web share
so if you just go to google type in
webshare proxy
and usually the first one that comes up
is going to show you webshare.io
and got it here webshare.io and this is
the um the service that is really good
they provide a free plan so let's go
into my dashboard
and they give you
10 proxies four different countries and
you're allowed up to like a gigabyte
per month
which is pretty good it's really good
and these proxies i believe are not
shared at least not as much as like
other sort of free proxies and they work
extremely well so within the
software
you can basically use these proxies
within um
so to get the proxies what you want to
do is you go to stats oh sorry proxy and
you got your list right here
and then you can download your list
by clicking download
click download
and you can just put it here i've
already downloaded to my downloads
folder but there it is then now you have
your list of proxies you open that up
and now you can take your proxies
and you can just copy and paste them
into the software
so that's a really good reliable source
of proxies that work really well
now
you also have options here to get a plan
so if we just go to the my plan under
subscription
i'm just using the
free one so go browse plans
so the time recording this video they
have this handy little
sort of
tool here that allows you to select what
you want so
here's a few suggestions for the
software i would stick with the proxy
server option number two number of
proxies i mean 100 is probably good
enough
they're between 100 and 250 is five
bucks a month so i try 100 proxies
location
you just leave it you get a hundred
worldwide proxies
and then um
gigabytes per month
that's 5 000 gigabytes
probably 250 would be enough so now
we're down to like three dollars a month
um how would you like to get them
refreshed i would i would want to get uh
proxies refreshed at least a little bit
maybe uh once every week
so it brings up the five dollars but if
you go once every day
that brings up the 20 bucks so maybe
that's a little bit too high so i would
say every week
and then down here
you've got an option to pay yearly so if
you pay yearly
which is you know you pay 44 dollars a
year
you're looking at three dollars and
seventy cents a month which is a very
competitive good price there's some
other additional features here that
probably not necessary for the software
particularly but
um anyhow i i recommend webshare um
they're really good
and so far i've been
very excited about using their free
10 proxies
within the software and it's been
working really well but i do highly
recommend getting the paid proxies as
well because
they'll uh they'll work just amazing so
that's all i want to do i just want to
quickly show you this really good
resource i found for a good reliable
source of proxies that you can use
inside the software
thanks for watching
next we're going to talk about how to
use the videos tool so this tool is used
to analyze videos on youtube so
pretty self-explanatory how to use it
you just come in here and stick in your
main seed keyword so let's say for just
a diy
and just put search so this will search
youtube and you have some options here
so
what the software
in this particular tool using this right
here you can only search the first page
results
of of youtube but don't worry there's
another way to get all the results i'll
show you that in just a bit but for now
let's just concentrate on this so it
will get the first page results and you
can also sort the relevance of those
first page results which usually is only
about 20 or 30 results right so you can
do by relevance upload date view count
or ratings obviously relevance for now
you also have the option to only select
videos that have
subtitles that will definitely contain
subtitles this is handy if you want to
convert videos to text by using the
video to text tool so if you want to do
that you can select it as well if not
don't worry about it now we do have an
option here to also search google and
bing which is really important to search
the two um
highest two best search engines in the
world for videos so you can select how
many pages you'd like to search for
google and bing here so
i'm just gonna select all of those right
now and go ahead and click search
and so it's going to youtube it grabbed
a bunch of videos there and then it went
to the first page of google in the first
page of bing and then at the same time
it also only grabs the unique videos
obviously there's going to be some
results that will overlap between google
bing and even youtube so just gets the
unique results amongst all three of
those
it found 108 and we are downloading
all the data for those 108 videos
using multiple downloading um threads so
i'll show you that in just a second here
so if you go up to settings and click
that you'll see you'll have the
downloading threads i have it set to
five you can go up to a maximum of 15.
what that means is um downloading the
data for five rows at a time
simultaneously
so doing it you know 15 at a time i
usually stick around five to eight seems
to be a good number but it's up to you
depending how fast your internet
connection is
so now let's take a look at the data so
down here at the bottom you do have an
image size so in the first column you do
um have your image if you want to see it
a little bit you could just
make it bigger or smaller
like so
and then here
we could take a look at the data you get
the video id the link
the source the source is youtube google
or bing as you can see here some came
from bing google and youtube
the search phrase that we used
now we got the video title description
and now we have all sorts of cool data
we've got the characters in the title
the views likes dislikes rating number
of comments
the length of the video in seconds
when it was published
and then i heat i have a another column
here it gives you the number of days
since it's been published so this one's
been published for 49 days
then this does an average so this this
takes basically the number of views
which over here and divides it by the
published days and gives you the average
views per day
then we've got the category it's in does
it have subtitles or not the channel
the channel link how many subscribers
that particular channel has and then of
course the tags associated with that
video so you could see some of the
incredible data that you can get for
marketing and like now you can just
quickly search or sorry sort by just
clicking the top column you can sort any
column you want
you want to see views per day so you can
see which ones this one's only been
published for one day got 480 views so
now we can go and see what that is
one handy thing you can do here is if
you double click that image
it'll bring up a video details
window for you
now i have to be honest when you click
the link and go over youtube a lot of
time youtube will suck you in and you'll
be sitting there forever
browsing a million videos and not
actually getting any work done so i made
this little thing so you can just
quickly see
the data up here
you got access to the title
the tags and you get access to the
description really fast here so all you
have to do is just double click
and that window will automatically just
update so
let's just
put it over here
gives you a quick way of not getting too
distracted from going over to youtube
all the time so if you just double click
the image it'll quickly show you
some data that you want to look at
so
you can see the title tags and
the the image there
so
that's a cool feature
now another really good feature we have
in here so i'm just going to clear that
out
so whenever you want to clear out a data
grid you can see down the bottom here
you'll see a little clear button
that will clear out everything
you do have an optional button down here
extract the latest trending videos
there's a trending video section on
youtube and integrated in here so we
just click that it'll always just
download the latest trending videos
right now
and it looks like there's 82 of them
so that's a handy little thing as well
so i instantly got access to all the
data from the top videos right now
a lot of times it's quite incredible
like if you come over here you go views
per day you know 43 million views per
day it's only been published for two
days
so i wonder what video that one is
i'm not sure what that is but
it could be a music video or something
like that anyhow i don't want to get
distracted by youtube at the moment
but that's a cool
um thing to think a cool thing to see so
you can really
have your finger on the pulse to
understand what's going on in
youtube
so the next thing i want to show you is
the browse or import option this one is
very powerful and i think you'll be
using this part a lot so let's go here
and what you want to do is click on the
browser
this is an integrated browser
and remember i mentioned before that
using this tool here you can only search
the first page results well let me show
you how you can search
anything
so
this is just a built-in browser you've
got bookmarks on the left hand side
inside the middle is the browser
regular browser stuff up here
and over here this is going to be the
place where it can collect videos or
channels so i'm going to concentrate on
videos
for this particular thing we're doing
here so let's go ahead and go to youtube
i have a couple of bookmarks
automatically in here but
you can just you can like you know it's
click trends
or you can go
directly to youtube
dismiss of course you can log into your
account
i'm not logged into my account at the
moment but let's say i was searching for
um
like knife making
so and i wanted to research knife making
ideas but
now here you can do anything you want so
let's say if we go in the filters i want
to look at knife making
i don't know
video
under you know four to twenty minutes
in the last month
i want hd
i want to see
rating i don't know i'm just choosing a
bunch of different filters and now
you've got all these videos and i want
to analyze those videos
so what we can do here is we can just
keep scrolling down with our mouse if we
want i do have an auto scroll button you
just click that it'll automatically
scroll for you and it keeps you it keeps
it tells you how many times it's been
scrolling so
let's scroll maybe 10 times here
once you're satisfied hit stop then what
we do is go ahead and click i want to
extract the video links
in this page so you do that
now it does take some time because
there's a lot of data has to go through
to get those get those links
so you just got to be patient for a
second here and it should get them so it
found 376
video links
so once you're once you're satisfied you
can go add links
and you've got a couple options down
here so you want to add the vide add
links to videos tool or channels too so
we're analyzing videos so if you go
videos tool you do that
and then it asks you whether or not you
want to close this window from if if you
do or not so if you click no
it'll just keep the window open but i'm
just going to click yes it's going to
close it for me and it automatically
adds the links
into here this is the browser import
section and now i got all of them in
there and all you have to do is just
click analyze
and it'll start chugging away
and analyzing all those videos
that we were doing on there so if we can
go stop here i'm not going to do them
all just to show you the power
of that actual tool so let's clear this
out okay so
oops hit browse so you see just how
powerful this is and say you got
favorite channels or favorite things on
on youtube that you always go to and you
can just create bookmarks over here
really really easily
so let's say for example this particular
knife maker here
in their videos
i like this i want to um
you know i'd like to
bookmark this so if you want to bookmark
this you can go here and create bookmark
and you make a label
i'm gonna call this creator
qi
and
i want a optional folder
well i'll put it in the youtube folder
and it's create bookmark and there it is
so
next time i want to go to this i just
double click it
come here and i'm inside that particular
oops
there we go
so now we're in that particular thing
and if i want to actually you know view
all the videos
let me just clear out these links here
oh clear links there it is i forgot
where i put the button for a second
now let's say i want to actually analyze
all of this person's uh videos from
their channel i can do the auto scroll
thing here and let it go down a bit
it's not scrolling anymore so i'll stop
it
extract the video links you have 31
videos and now i can go ahead and add
those
and i can analyze all the videos from
that given channel
so it's pretty powerful as well
so now you get an idea
of just
what you can do with tube atlas it's
pretty much limitless when you utilize
the integrated web browser to do things
so it's it's very exciting
and so that's how i got around the idea
of
not being able to
when you do the search from in here you
can only do the first page results but
if you want to do
infinite number of pages
then do this all you have to do is just
start searching up here for anything you
want diy
home and you want to get you know 20
pages of results then just start
scrolling for 20 pages
and you'll get 500 to limitless number
of videos
now you can just go ahead and extract
those links
add them
and start analyzing just like that so
pretty awesome
another cool little feature here is
let's say you want to log in to your
youtube
so because maybe in your account you
have certain things you like looking at
or certain channels that you investigate
all the time in your research so you
like to log into your youtube account so
you can i have a little uh bookmark here
of course you can just you know go to
youtube and you can see the sign in at
the top it just goes to the same place
now instead of typing in here all the
time i did have a little user pass
button up here if you click that you'll
notice you get these options here where
you can copy your saved youtube username
and password
and
there's also a youtube login here if you
click that it goes the same page but if
you click on open settings
you'll see here there's a a youtube
login placer you could enter in your
your username which is basically your
email and your password and you can
click apply and it'll save to your
computer
also note that the password is actually
encrypted on your computer so it's saved
in the settings file on a computer but
it's encrypted so no one can like
get it or steal it or anything like that
so
and it's completely optional you know
you don't have to put it in the software
but if you just want to save a little
bit of time when you go to log in you
could just go
and copy username hit there and just go
ctrl v on your keyboard or right click
and paste
and then click next
and then here you can go user pass copy
password and then
now you can log in
and now you can go to you know stuff
that you do inside of your youtube
channel that you'd like to research now
you got access to it so
and of course if you don't want to do
that you can always go up here and just
sign out
but that's a cool little other feature
there that you can
log in
by using your stored username and
password up here
that's it for this video and i'll see
you in the next one
next i want to show you how to analyze
the tags
inside of your videos here that you've
analyzed so in the videos tool i um
analyzed a
a bunch of videos based on the search
keyword
diy so we got 347 videos in here and you
can see
in the tags column we got a whole bunch
of tags
so what would be really useful a tool
that we've integrated in here is the
ability to kind of get a value of these
tags because you know it's kind of nice
to know what tags are most valuable that
you can use in your own marketing so
let's go ahead and analyze the tags
otherwise known as keywords that
the
owners of these videos on youtube are
putting into their listing in order to
get their videos to show up better in
the search results so let's take a look
at that so what you want to do first
thing you need to do is you need to
select the videos that you want to
analyze the tags for and in order to do
that you got to select these check boxes
but i'm just going to select them all so
if you just
click this little check box in the top
row up here you see you'll get these
options and i want to select all
you can also get access to those check
box just by right clicking anywhere in
the grid and just going to check boxes
and you got the same stuff here
so now that it's selected what we can do
is we can hit that analyze button
and go uh analyze video tags or again
you can right click under videos tool
you will see
analyze video tags right here so go
ahead and left click that
it does take a bit because there was 300
almost 350
different and there's a whole bunch of
keywords in those tag columns so
you see here it found 4 4165
different tags in all those listings now
here's the powerful information you'll
get from this tool here
let's make a little bit bigger
so now what we can see is we could see
the number of times these tags have
occurred in those listings that we
selected there was 347 and there's also
a total of 194 unique channels
amongst all of those videos so just some
some other information that's very
useful
now we can take a look and we can see
that you know do it yourself diy
obviously is the most common one because
that's what i searched for
but you see crafts and tutorial diy
projects and you start to get to see the
occurrences so we're sorted by
occurrences here you can sort any column
just by clicking the very top cell
and now we can go over and take a look
some of the other things so there was
252 occurrences
that means 72.6
of all these videos contained that tag
obviously it's pretty important for this
particular set of videos but now let's
get into some different values here that
you can kind of like put a value on
these like how valuable are these in
terms of getting views and getting likes
so now we know here this here is the
average views per tag that's pretty cool
right because
if you look at say for example this
first listing here and it has all these
tags well these tags for this particular
listing has an associated view so you
can look here
this video got 13 million views and 143
000 likes well now we can translate that
data into this tool and we can
understand the value of these of these
actual tags the keyword tags so you can
see here this particular tag is worth 32
000 views per tag on average that's what
it did amongst those 347 videos but
what's awesome is now you can sort by
here
obviously you want to be sorting so
let's take a look at the occurrence i
just want to look at
so if you want to filter out these you
can click the little search button you
bring up the quick filters and now let's
go and look at i want to see ones that
have occurred more than 50 times
so now we're left with 15 tags that
occurred more than 15 times or more than
what i put 50 times i believe
next what we can do is we can sort by
the views per tag over here
now we can see
you know this one
occurred
65 times but it got the most views per
tag so diy activities might be a very
valuable tag even more valuable than the
diy
so
you can get another sense but didn't get
that many likes per tag on that one so
this one got the most likes useful
things life hacks how-to but anyways
right away
i know that these set of keywords
and tags are much more valuable than all
the other 4 000 we just looked at so you
could see just how incredibly powerful
this really is and now you can just
select these keywords and then you can
just use them in your marketing so one
way to select them is you can just hold
down your control key and you can select
all the cells
here
real quickly
and now you can go ctrl c on your
keyboard
and
bring up just a little text file and
bring it into view here
you can right click and paste and
there's your keywords that you could use
in your tag listings for your um
your videos or maybe you're doing
research for a client then you can
supply them with these
tags say hey look use these tags in your
videos and you're gonna
probably find
better
better results from getting views and
likes to your videos so
that's
an awesome tool and you can also save
the data
out to project file comma delimited text
you could just save just the tags you
can copy just the tags instead of doing
it the way i just did there you can
actually just go oop
you can just go file
and go copy all tags if you do that you
could see you'll copy all the tags that
are visible
copy selected selected is when you um
you know select the check boxes and then
highlighted is just highlighted like so
anyhow and that's how we can use the
the video analyzers the video tag
analyzer
it's very powerful little tool and i
hope you really enjoy using it thanks
for watching
so the next tool i want to show you is
how to analyze the keywords within your
video titles so there's a ton of
keywords obviously in your video titles
and
you know the importance of doing you
know
youtube seo and whatnot and analyzing
videos it's very important to have the
proper keywords in there and so i
developed a tool here that can really
help you
figure out which the ones of these
keywords are kind of like more valuable
and what could possibly be better for
your videos or your clients videos so
let's take a look at that the first
thing i've done here is i've just loaded
a bunch of
videos in here from a pre-saved file
where i did a search for diy you can see
there's 347 videos in this
list here
so what first thing we've got to do
is click this little button here a
little check box and i want to select
all
the rows
and after you select all the rows you
hit this little analyze button up here
and you can select analyze keywords in
video titles or you can right click and
go video tools
analyze keywords and video titles i'll
just click that
and here we go and now what we've done
is out of all those
videos
there was
unique keywords that are
that have at least three characters in
it three characters or more
and there's also stop keywords so i'm
using the stop keywords you open this up
there's a bunch of words that you don't
really want to analyze
you can you can um update this little
sort of internal database if you'd like
just by entering your own words and
hitting ok or you know loading a file or
whatever you want to do
and if you don't want to use stop
keywords you can just click that there
so
let's explain what this is all about so
right now we're just looking at the word
combination of single words that appear
in all of those titles so now we can see
how many times it occurred the
percentage that the occurred in the
titles now the average views
per
word combination so you could see the
value now that if you sort by here
well let's look at ones that actually
occurred more than once so let's see
um it's if you click the little search
we can do some quick filters let's do
let's say ones that occurred more than
like three times even more how about
five
oh let's keep going how about 10. there
we go now there's 21 left
so these keywords occurred more than
than 10 times
and now we can see
if we sort by here now we can see
how many this one here has hacks
had an average of 15
million views per that word combination
that's many likes
so now we can see
more value to these keywords so now you
would be like okay now what you want to
do is concentrate on using these in your
titles because we know they're valuable
if of course your particular videos
related to
diy was the search that we did for all
these videos
but now let's let's look at something
different here let's go and clear this
out hit the little clear button down
here in the bottom right
corner click clear all the data and what
i want to do is take a look at like two
word combinations
and then once you select that you go
over and click generate word stats
and now we get two word combinations to
get all the data
and we can continue doing that so if you
clear that out
usually i find around three to four
you start to see some trends here
so how to make
is obviously very valuable um
to make a home decor
ideas diy home decor so now we're
starting to really see
some word combinations that you could
use in your titles this is extremely
valuable especially that we've put a
value to these word combinations by
looking at how many views
per word combination you're getting so
let's take again look at one's more than
at least five
and so like
if you look at the value here
back to school only occurred
six times but is getting a lot of views
so that gives it a value like that could
be one of the reasons why people are
looking at that video well because at
the time of recording this video right
now
it's actually back to back to school
time for kids so
this does uncover
these trends that are happening right
now that you might not think about right
so anyhow this tool is awesome so let's
keep going clear it out
and let's say we want to look like six
words obviously the more words you
select the less likely they're going to
occur so this only occurred two times
so that's pretty cool and again like the
other tools you do have the options to
save everything you want here you click
file so you can save it to project files
that you can load and save within this
tool um
comma delimited comma separated value
file
for spreadsheet programs text file
you can save the keyword combinations
you can or you can copy them and whatnot
so pretty easy to use little tool but
massively powerful when you want to look
at the value of those keyword
combinations inside of hundreds if not
thousands of different videos so
talk about awesome so go ahead utilize
this tool to your maximum and make sure
you pay attention to those valuable
keywords that you could use in your
marketing
in this video i'm going to show you how
to use the browse or import option
for the browser here now i call this
browse and extract now i have already
shown this in another video but i
thought i'd make a separate one just to
kind of concentrate on this particular
tool here so
um in the videos tool under search
you'll notice you can search by keyword
here for example if you type in the word
like forging or something like that
and
if you unselect that here i just want to
talk about this part
you can only get the first page of
results from youtube
of course you'd like to get more results
directly from youtube there's another
way of doing it by using the
excuse me browse and extract method so
let's go ahead and do that so click on
browse or import up here
and we're going to click on browser
this brings up the integrated browse
tool so browse and extract is what i'm
calling it so basically you're going to
be browsing youtube so if i just click
over here so the way that this window
works it's it's kind of like a a
primitive browser so we've got our
bookmarks over to the left here and
we've got our browser in the middle and
the regular buttons are used to in
normal browsers are here and it's your
bookmark button anyhow if you go over
here
you can click on say for example
trends
and let's just go
so we can see in the browser here now
let's let's use some of the options that
youtube allows you so let's say i do
want to go with forging so say forging
and i click go but i'd like to utilize
some of their filters that i don't have
in the software
let's say i want to look at the upload
date of this month
i'm only interested in seeing videos
uh say
you know 4 to 20 minutes
i want to see just hd
and i want to see by
let's say view count
so now that we have these filters now we
got all these videos here now what i'd
like to do
is when you scroll down you'll notice as
you scroll it automatically adds it
we'll add this little button here you
can click start scroll and you'll do an
auto scroll and it tells you how many
times it's been auto scrolling so you
kind of wait a bit
i'll do a 10 auto scrolls here then when
you're satisfied you just click stop
now that it's finished auto scrolling
here
now what i want to do is you can go and
hit extract video links because we are
interested in analyzing the videos so
click extract video links now it does
take a second there's a tremendous
amount of data inside the browser and we
found
299 videos so now we want to do to add
those videos to our video analyzer tool
over here all we have to do is go add
links
and i want to add links to the videos
tool so click there
now it will ask you you can see in the
background it actually already added the
links there but it will actually ask you
do you would you like to close the
integrated browser
you can click click yes if not you can
click no and just keep it open might
just click yes and just closes it down
and now that we have all the video links
in here now all we have to do is click
analyze
and now it's going and analyzing all
those videos that we just did with those
filters that we used on youtube
in addition we went through several
pages
of youtube results to find this now we
can analyze all of these i'm just going
to click stop and i'm going to go do
analyze all these but
now you can see just the power of using
that browse and extract to pretty
awesome right now we get access to all
this wicked data that we can do for
analyzing
so let's continue working with that so
i'm going to clear this out i'm going to
clear this out as well
bring up the browser
let's look at some other things you can
do so
let's just
let's go to a bookmark i have here under
google and just click on that
now you can actually search
youtube results in google or bing if
you'd like by using a special search
parameter so if you type the word in
site
with a colon and then the youtube like
that
you can just search
pages that are only indexed
from goog from youtube on google you see
this 2.4
billion
that's a big number so anyhow
here's a few things you can do
i know that
when you're watching a video
usually in the
address it looks like this
slash watch
and then
question mark v
equals and usually there's a video code
or video id number so just leave that
blank and you can go
and
do a space
and if you do
double quotes
let's type in a seed keyword of your
niche say forging
now let's click
search
found 4.7 million videos
that has the word forging but i just
want to see
links that contain watch you can see
every one of these is actually a real
video
pretty cool huh so now what i can do is
i can go in here and clear all these
links remember this is from before
and now in the search results i can just
go ahead extract video links
and just like before we just found 52
from the search results and of course i
can continue and go to next
and i can extract again
we've got 94
we want to go next again
extract some more and we got 143 videos
that are these are the top videos listed
in google for forging and now we can add
those links just like before
now we got access to some unique data
that you know you probably would have
never thought of
or you can't get access to
from just from directly from youtube
because remember people are searching
for videos on google as well so
stop that now we got access to some
more incredible data that we may have
never found just using only youtube
alone
let's continue on here and i could show
you you can actually
do this on
on on bing as well so if you go to bing
over here
you do the same idea on bing so let's
just do
like this and just type in
diy
or something like that
i'm i'm doing double quotes here around
the keyword because that specifies i
want to see that exact word no matter
what in the search results so i'm
looking for videos that are on youtube
that contain the word diy
and so it found a whole bunch here
now if i go extract i found 8
but if i keep going
some more
so on and so forth
found 20 and now we can add those
and we analyze those real quickly and
those are
coming directly from bing which is
a top search engine so
now we have some more valuable data that
we may not have found in google being or
sorry google or youtube
and some of these are getting you know
millions of views
so that's how powerful this tool is it's
basically limitless i mean it doesn't
actually matter
what
page you're on i mean you could be
logged into some sort of sas program
like an online software tool that you
use that extracts video links of some
sort it doesn't matter as long as
there's a video link inside the source
code of the page you're looking at and
you click this button this tool is going
to find them and grab the video link so
say you have a tool
i don't know some sort of tube analyzer
software or something like that that you
already bought and and you log into your
account and you start searching
youtube videos in there
as long as inside the source code these
youtube links exist you click the button
you can get those videos you can analyze
in the software so this tool sort of
makes it limitless you can get around
anything for
extracting data from the internet so
pretty amazing and awesome tool
now for making bookmarks it's pretty
simple pretty self-explanatory like say
for example you're on
on youtube
here if we go to youtube
we can also just
right click and
copy we can go paste and go
go to youtube here
let's say we um
searching for forging i keep searching
forging all the time because uh forging
and knife making is my hobby
anyhow if we come in here
let's say
i looked at this particular
uh channel old smith i'm like i really
like this old smith channel i would like
to bookmark it so
you can go
and bookmark this if you'd like
just by clicking the bookmark button and
you can make a label you can put it
inside your folder what not pretty
self-explanatory you also have controls
you get access to i right click here
i've shown these in other videos so it's
pretty easy to manage your bookmarks
and that's basically how you use this
tool it's like i said it's very powerful
and um
you can actually i forgot to mention
this you can actually uh shrink this
down if you want
and over here you can hide your links to
make it a little bit bigger so if you
hit this button show links hide links it
just kind of hides that little bar to
the right there if you're not i'm using
it right now
and oh i have one more thing to show you
um
let's say you want to log into your
account
i do provide a little button up your
user pass
you can quickly access your saved
youtube username and password
and there's also a link here that goes
to youtube login as well
and you can save your youtube and
password
inside of here inside the settings you
can put your username and password and
click apply it saves it on your computer
as it says here your password's
encrypted so when when the software
saves your password to a file on your
computer inside that file that settings
file
your password is encrypted so it's it's
completely encrypted so people can't
just open up that file and look at it or
anything like that but it's completely
optional obviously you don't have to use
this feature i just put it in here just
for convenient purposes only
mostly because i love using it but if
you don't want to that's fine but anyhow
once you got it set you just go you know
copy username
paste it ctrl c and a keyboard or right
click and paste
go next
then now i can just do my password
and boom i'm logged in
now you can utilize your account
everything that you're looking at if you
like looking at certain things you have
certain subscriptions you're on and all
that kind of stuff
so
i'm just going to log out
i like being signed out of mine but
it's up to me
up to you sorry but i like being signed
up because when you're signed into your
account i kind of like how youtube um
always shows me you know knife building
stuff forging stuff those things i like
watching like bushcraft and things like
that so i like keeping that
cut in my account but one idea is you
can make another youtube account where
it's just dealing with only your
research that you do for your business
and then log into that one all the time
or just do what i do you could just sign
out and just
just use all the searching what not on
youtube but anyhow that's another useful
little tool within here
and that'll be it for this video thanks
and i'll see you in another one
in this video i'm going to show you
another tool here i've integrated sort
of as a backup but it's still a very
powerful tool
so basically i'm going to show you how
to extract video
details video data from any content so
let me show you here now you're already
familiar with the browser so if you
click the integrated browser like this
tool from a different video i showed you
basically just surf the internet
wherever there's going to be youtube
video links and just hit the extract
video links it grabs it for you but
there's another tool in here that kind
of does something similar just in case
that is not working for you for some
strange reason because you know the
internet always changes web pages change
and all that that sort of thing but this
one will work otherwise so if you click
on content all you have to do is put any
content in here that contains youtube
video links
and if it contains the youtube video
links it will extract out the video
links for you so let me demonstrate what
i'm talking about here let's say for
example
just on google and you're and you're
searching for youtube videos so one way
you could do it is by typing the word
site colon and then
youtube.com
you can also put forward slash watch
because most videos
always have that in the um domain name
like in the in the link it's always
forward slash watch and then some other
details behind it
and then you could also do inside of us
so you do space then inside of double
quotes to make sure you get the exact
keyword um let's say you're looking for
i don't know etsy
researchers or something like that
and now i've got 130 results here what
we can do we can go right click and go
view source
now let's grab all of this content so i
can just go ctrl a on my keyboard to
select all
and then right click
and copy
and now we come into this tool here so
remember inside videos
browse or import
click content and then here we can click
paste
and that's the
source code we've just copied from the
browser and click extract links
i found 101 links in that content and
now we can do our normal data extraction
by clicking analyze and now we can go
ahead and analyze all those videos
just click stop here we got all that
awesome data
so let me show you another example
you could do the same thing on bing so
let's say you're searching on bing site
youtube.com
and
let's search for i don't know something
different like
forging
so the same idea we can just right click
and view source
select all control c on my keyboard to
copy it to my clipboard content and we
do have the content in it from before so
i'm going to clear that and then i can
right click and paste
extract links and it found 10 links in
that content and we can go ahead and
analyze it
but like i said before it doesn't really
matter what page it is so it doesn't
have to be bing or google for example
let's take a look at something else that
like say we went to here
and google and we search for top
youtube videos some something like that
just scroll down here
um
20 most viewed let's check this out
so 20 most viewed video so i'm just
going to right click this page in view
source
select all control c
and let's clear everything out here real
quick quick
clear now i'm going to paste that
extract links it found
the 20 links go ahead and analyze
and these are the 20 most watched
videos according to this webpage this
article
so now we can go
wow there's definitely a lot of views
nine and nine billion views
wow
what video is that
the shark dance baby shark dance okay
interesting anyhow
so you can see you can do that but you
remember
you also can do it using the browser so
this is sort of the backup but i do want
to just show that tool because it is
built in there so like if you go back to
this page and you actually select this
um
link up here in the address bar of your
browser right click and just copy
you can come in here and use the browser
tool and then up here you can just hit
paste and go
you know go directly to that page and
now we can extract video links and
there's the 20. so it it is much easier
to use the browser tool but
the option is there just in case the
browser tool is not working properly or
something happens i like having
multiple ways of getting data so i just
want to add that in as well so that's
how you can extract videos and online
video links from basically any content
that you can drop into the
content extract window here
thanks for watching i'll see you in the
next video
next what we're going to do is talk
about how to use the channels tool so
this tool here
is used to analyze channels on youtube
so let's say we want to what you can do
here is just stick in your seed search
phrase for example forging
and then you can select these options so
you can select um to search youtube now
you can only get first page results
using this tool from youtube but don't
worry about that if you want more
results from youtube i do have the
browse browser option i'll show that in
another video but for now let's just
concentrate on this
and we can also select from searching
from google so google and bing
and we can select the number of pages
we'd like to go through on google and
bing so we'll just stick with one page
and first page results here and click
click search
and so it's going through and it found
110 videos from
youtube google and bing and also realize
they're all unique so there's no
duplicates in here
and we'll just wait a second here
now we can come through here and if you
want to see the images a little bit
bigger we can use this little slider at
the bottom there to see the
images
um
come through here we got the channel ids
the channel links the source
of where we got this data from being
youtube google or bing
see
we didn't get much from bing actually so
there must have been some duplicate
videos from bing
um search phrase the title description
so this is title description of the
channel
we got the total videos of the channel
total video views
total subscribers date join country
keywords associated with that channel
and then the external links so you can
now go and investigate basically all the
links that that the channel is
associated with so you can go to like
their their facebook instagram website
all sorts of good stuff here so
lots of really good information you can
use
you can use the um all the quick filters
at the top to get to the data you want
like so
you can also click on the filters at the
bottom and you can show your filters and
you can see them in here you can create
your custom filters you'd like
we'll be creating another video separate
for for
for filters just to make it easier so we
can click on filters clear filters and
clear them out
another thing you can do here is you can
right click and you can do a preview
you can preview this in html table
and it will show it like this
this is actually a searchable table as
well so at the very top you see if you
start typing
it will
search
and you can sort as well
now you also have another option when
you right click on the preview you can
see it in the feed format
you sort by total videos and you can see
some data down here views and see the
images and just a different way of
seeing the data
and you can save those
you can save those reports as well so if
you go down to here you can actually
save
the export those reports there are html
files but they're self-contained html
files you can actually deliver them to
your clients just like any other file
like a word document or a pdf or
something like that you just give them
the html file when they double click it
on their computer it just opens up in
the default browser and it works just
like you saw there so it's pretty cool
little file
that you can deliver
really powerful thing you could do in
here let's say sort by videos here this
will go on not too much too many videos
that say i don't know
this particular one has 28 videos so i'm
just going to double click this wherever
you double click on a cell it will
actually select the entire row
you can see here the check box and so
i'm just going to right click
and i'm going to go channels tool and
then i'm going to analyze videos for
selected channel
and so what this did
it goes all the way to
i had some
i just want to clear this out i already
had some links in there from before i
record this video so what happened is i
went directly
to that channel
inside the built-in web browser tool
and what i want to do here i'm in the
video section
i want to go ahead and start scrolling
so if i hit auto scroll here it'll start
scrolling
and
it's already done scrolling so there's
no remember there's only 28 videos i
believe in here so now we can go extract
video links up here
we got the 28 videos now we can add
those
links to the videos tool
and now we can analyze them so now we're
analyzing all the videos from that
channel only that we just saw in the
channels tool
so that is a very powerful tool and a
tool that a lot of my customers have
been asking for
because now you can uncover the top
trending videos for an entire channel so
if you're always watching a channel to
see how well um videos are doing and you
want to analyze that data this is how
you do it
so that's a really powerful tool
that we built into the channels tool
as with all the other tools you have the
option to save the data here to a
project file that you can open and save
within the channels tool you can also
save to comma separated value for
spreadsheet
text you can also export those
interactive files i talked about
so that's pretty much it for this tool
it's very powerful and you can utilize
it to uncover those top performing
channels and also spy on where they're
getting traffic from just by going and
looking at their websites and seeing
their instagram feeds and facebook and
seeing
where they're interacting with their
customers and leads and whatnot so
very powerful
and we'll see in the next video
next we're going to look at how to
analyze channels using the browse tool
so remember in the other video i showed
you how to use the channels tool we
talked about using this over here but
you can only search the first page
results only
well let's get around that by using if
you click on browser import and then
click on the browser
and this is the integrated browser i
just want to clear some of this stuff
out here
in the integrated browser all you have
to do is search any channel you want and
you can use the extract channel links
here
now this is the window that we use to
extract videos but you can also extract
channels
so when you go to
let's say youtube search and you type in
forging
and you go filters
i only want to look at channels so click
on channel and now i just want to see
channels
you also have a few other
i think you could sort by
let's say view count
does that work there yep view count
and now what we can do is we can do an
auto scroll
so now we're going to get
going through i'll go through 10 auto
scrolls here
and we'll get a bunch of different
channels that we're searching right
directly on youtube so i'll just stop
there
and now what you do is you go extract
channel links
we find 187 channel links
all we got to do is go add links so
you'll see there's two options here
i want to add the links to channels tool
and then go like this click yes you can
this little window that comes up here
just says um
whether or not you want to close the
built-in browser if you want to close it
click yes if not it just keeps it open
but
click yes and it's going to close it and
it went to the channels tool into the
browse import and added all those links
right here 187 that we found and now we
can click on analyze
now we're analyzing all those channels
that we were
researching directly on youtube using
the youtube filters
so pretty awesome right
so basically you just have to use the
browser tool and browse any page that
contains
channel links doesn't matter what page
it is
the that tool will go inside the
web page source code and it will grab
any links it finds that are youtube
channel links
i've shown this another video but you
can see it's downloading pretty fast
here
we have it in the settings if you go to
settings downloading threads we do have
a number of downloading threads now a
downloading thread just think of it like
a download worker so
there's
what i mean when i have five threads
that means there's five channels that
are being downloaded at the same time so
we can go all the way up to 15 so you'd
have to experiment with how many threads
you'd like to use because it depends on
your internet speed so i like always
sticking between five and eight seems to
be efficient for my particular computer
um
internet speed so that depends up to
your computer and your internet speed
but that options is there if you want to
speed it up more
and so now we got all the data
that we get from using the channels tool
directly from the browser so like i said
it doesn't really matter where you
browse
as long as there are channels
in the actual source code of that page
channel links you'll be able to extract
it in this tool
and just like before you can add
bookmarks so except let's say you want
you have a specific search that you like
to do over and over again you can
actually bookmark that search by
clicking bookmark
and you can um
i can call it forging youtube
channel search
if i like to call it that and i can put
it into
um a folder
to youtube and click create bookmark
and then we'll see it in here so anytime
we want we just click that you see it
goes directly to the search there so
that's really cool
so that's basically how you use
the browser integrated browser to browse
and extract
youtube channels so
very powerful tool i'm excited for you
guys to try it out and get this working
for you
as with the videos tool we have this
content
extractor tool i've got the same thing
built into the channel so it is kind of
like a backup tool
you'll find yourself mostly using the
browser tool you just browse anywhere
where there's channels and it will
extract the channels by using this here
so but if that's not working for some
reason like i said in the other video
you know web pages change and things
happen and
if anything happens and it's not working
or something like that
you can use the content tool so in here
if you click the content all you have to
do is paste any source code or any text
at all as long as it contains
youtube channel links then you can
extract the channel data using the
channels tool let me demonstrate so
let's say on google we're going to
search site
colon
youtube.com and then forward slash
channel
so i know i want to look for channel
links
so then i'm going to space and let's say
i want to look channels that are to do
with i don't know knife making
i put it in double quotes there to make
sure it's finding that exact word so not
just the word knife and making it kind
of spread out i want them together i
want to see exactly together so i found
four over 5000 here so again you can
just right click
and go
view source
and then you want to select all you can
control a on your keyboard and right
click
and copy
and then we'll use this tool here and
we'll go paste
extract links
i found 69 of them and click analyze and
now we can go and analyze that data
so as long as the data that you
extracting in the content tool as long
as that content
contains channel links youtube channel
links always have the word channel in
them after the youtube.com part
so if we just clear this all out
clear that out show you another example
let's say for example you are searching
youtube for
best youtube channels
let's take a look down here
um 100 best
youtube channels in every category let's
check that page out
there'll probably be a bunch of links in
here
i'm just going to right click
view source
control a
control c on my keyboard to copy it to
my clipboard and go here and go paste
extract links i found 58 of them so now
i can analyze those channels
that they were saying they were the top
channels they didn't find the hundred
that they mentioned on their web page
but
found 58
so it probably means that the
channel links are somehow
encoded in maybe a different link format
that is not the normal link format for
example they could mask the links
to php files some sort of thing but
anyhow it did find a lot
and now
we can extract data
for that so it's pretty awesome
so that's how you could utilize this
tool fairly fairly easy to use like i
said all you gotta do is just find any
content it doesn't matter what it is as
long as it just has the youtube channel
links in it you throw it in here
like a lot of the times you may not even
know if there's any youtube channels in
it so just throw it in here and just see
if there is by hitting the extract link
so it doesn't find anything it'll say i
can't find anything
so that's basically how you can extract
youtube channel data from any content
that contains channel links by using
these
using the content extraction tool
i want to create a little separate video
here just to show you how to extract
and analyze all the videos from a given
channel so
what we can do is you can once you have
the channel link you can actually
extract all of the videos for any
channel and we're going to do that by
using the channels tool so there's a
bunch of different ways you can search
channels in here and one way you can do
the search using the search option
here or you can do the browse or import
where you can you can just paste in
a channel link in here if you'd like or
you can use a built-in browser to browse
or use the content extractor tool
but for now i'm just going to go ahead
and just click on search here we're just
searching dog training
and i'm just going to go ahead and let
it rip through for a bit
okay i'm just going to stop that there
and you come over here and you see how
many total videos
so just so we don't spend too much time
i'm just gonna come through here
and look at
let's say this one let's look at one
that has like i don't say
115 videos
let's double click this to select the
row
and now what i want to do is i want to
see all of the videos
i want to analyze all the videos in that
given channel only so i'm going to right
click channels tool and analyze videos
for selected channel
and so what that does it brings up the
built-in
web browser tool the browse and extract
tool
i do have some links in here so i'm just
going to go ahead and clear that out
that's from a previous video anyhow it
went directly to this exact channel in
here
now what we can do
is if we just scroll down you can see we
are in the video section of this channel
now we can see all the videos as you
scroll down it keeps adding more and
more videos let's do the auto scroll
button at the bottom and let it scroll
until it doesn't scroll anymore so it
stops scrolling that means we've got to
the end and these are all the videos now
if we go and click extract or video
links
we've got the 115 videos
and now what we want to do is go add
links
to videos tools do that click yes and it
goes over to the videos tool into the
browse or import section and it puts it
into the little box here so now we can
go ahead and analyze all these videos
i've got some other videos here in the
data grid i'm just going to clear out
here
so now we can go ahead and analyze
all those videos from that exact channel
and now we can start now we can uncover
which one of the videos from that
channel has the most views most likes
most dislikes the best rating
the most views per day
so we can see here we can sort by the
most views
that one got the most views um how about
the
average views per day
listen at 228 views per day well it was
just published a day ago but if you look
at this one it's been up for 800 days
it's a long time
since 2019
and it has 69 views per day so this one
has always been
a very popular video in this particular
channel if we just double click on the
image we can bring up the details i mean
look at this description and look at
some details here if you
if you want to see the video just click
on that and go directly to the video and
see
why it's so popular and what it's about
but
that is a real quick way i'll just get
this out of the way here
real quick way to analyze videos for any
given channel
now i didn't want to show something else
here let's just clear everything out
here real quick go back to the channels
tool
so let's say you want to analyze like
say there's a channel that had like you
know 4 000 videos or something crazy
like this one has 800 and something
or sorry 783 let's double click that
and
you can do the right click channels tool
you can do it this way but i mean you
can also do it just by coming over
to this column here to to make
columns larger if you just kind of mouse
over near the edge of it you can move it
i'm going to select in here and now i
can go ctrl c on my keyboard and i can
just copy
the channel the channel link then you go
to videos
browse or import
browser
and up the top here i'm going to click
paste and go
and now i go right to that channel and
now i click on videos
now of course
the easier way is just to right click
channels tool analyze videos and does
all that for you it goes right to the
channel page it goes to the videos up
anyhow we know this person has
this particular channel has eight almost
800 videos 700 something 783 i believe
clear out these links from a previous
video
or sorry previous video from this video
so now
what you want to do here is you can
actually sort inside here you can click
the sort i just want to sort let's say
the date added or say the oldest added
or let's say the most popular it's not
the most popular here and what you can
do is just scroll down
maybe a few times here
and that that's probably good enough i
just want to see the most popular within
you can see the time here within a year
two years so let's go ahead and go
extract video links
we found 120 of them not 800 or sorry i
keep saying 800 it's 780
so let's add those links
and so it's just a way of sort of
sorting in there a little bit if you
want to get to different videos within a
channel so if you just want to look at
the most popular one or the most recent
ones
that's how you can do it by using that
little
sorting within the integrated browser
so i'm just going to stop it here i
don't want to go through all 120 videos
but now you're going to do all your
analysis that you did before but
that's a cool little feature there you
can utilize take advantage of those
sorting options they have built in to a
youtube channel page
so that's basically that's how you can
analyze videos for a given channel so
pretty awesome
and hopefully you enjoy using that tool
see you next video
so the next thing i want to talk about
is how to convert a video to text so
i've integrated that really cool tool in
there it's something that
a lot of people really want and it's in
high demand where people want to be able
to convert content from youtube into
text so they can utilize in their
marketing for example say you find a
really good video that you'd like to
convert the text for a blog post now i
do highly recommend to change the text a
little bit if you're going to use it as
your own content but you don't have to
if you're going to give full credit to
the actual video creator and you've
obviously contacted them to get
permission to use their content but this
tool makes it so easy to do that so
first thing you want to do is you
actually have to find a video that you'd
like convert to text
so let's do diy
and i'm just going to just search on
youtube and one handy thing when you're
when you want to convert video to text
you can use this additional option here
contains subtitles
obviously there are
there's auto generated subtitles that
that youtube will do as well but also
you might find you'll try to convert a
video to text and says oh there's no
text
a lot of videos on youtube don't
actually have any text meaning people
don't talk or there's nothing
said in the video at all it's just
you're just watching someone do
something right so you got to keep that
in mind let's go ahead and just click on
this and i'm going to go search
so i'm just going to search the first
page of youtube results using the search
tool here
and so what we want to do is
all of these you'll see there's a
subtitles column all these have
subtitles so let's just look at one
here's the content length the length of
the video let's look at the one that's
not too long let's take the top one how
about that so i'm going to double click
here
and what you want to do is you right
click and go videos tool
then you can go
convert selected video to text so what
it's doing it just sends over that
corresponding video link
to this tool right here
text or video to text tool and this
sticks the link right in here
so all we have to do now is just click
on convert to text
and now we have all of the text
ins from the video in here
now each line is kind of like
mentioned
as the person talks so this is how it's
kind of presented from the data that we
get from youtube and we got some other
data down here it tells you that how
many lines words in characters but
unfortunately you know if you want to
take this content and like
convert it to some sort of readable
content
on a blog post it's kind of hard so i've
integrated a very sophisticated tool
it's called auto punctuate all you have
to do is click this button
and it takes a little bit of time to do
it
a lot of stuff is going on and auto
punctuates the content so that it's in
proper paragraphs it's got commas it
does it at best that it can because some
people
talk differently and talk sporadically
in the video so it's never gonna read
perfectly but
this gives you basically tools to help
you quickly make readable content that
you can utilize within your marketing
say you're doing a newsletter
emails or something like that or
articles or blog posts or ebooks
whatever you're doing with the content
this makes it super fast
so now we can get that let's try a
different video so we just clear this
out here
let me go back over to videos
okay let's try another video let's just
unselect that one and i'm just going to
let's go the one that has the the
longest video here so let's
uh double click that to select that row
and let's go ahead and add that over to
the videos tool
or another way to do it you can actually
come over here and just
uh you know copy this just select this
cell and go ctrl c on your keyboard and
go to the videos tool and just just
paste it in there
there it is and so now we can go convert
to text remember this was a very long
video so if we click that
let's see it does take a little bit
longer for it to
grab the data
and we could see there's you know almost
8 000 words 43 000 characters so
now when we go to auto punctuate this it
can take up to like a minute or two so
you got to be very patient because it's
incredible amount of of working that has
to be done in order to do this because
like look at all of this content so
let's do auto punctuate and just wait a
minute i'll pause the video because it
will take like a minute or two
all right that actually took less than i
don't know maybe 40 seconds or something
like that so
now it's it just 44 000 characters like
look at all of that it's just and it's
beautifully put into nice paragraphs
and periods and sentences and all that
kind of stuff so now we have a crazy
amount of content that we could use if
this is sort of what we're looking for i
don't even know what's in here i didn't
i just did an example but
i do want to take it one step further
well sorry before i do that you do have
the option down here to
save
all the content
to um
a file here yeah open and save sorry i
kind of lost myself there for a minute
and then we also have um autopunctuate
here copy and paste and if you
right-click you get access to that same
um right-click menu
now i want to talk about spinning
content i know i have another video in
here for it i just want to quickly show
you you can actually spin all this
content by using the free google
translate tool
spinning 44 000 characters is a lot
probably not that much at the same time
but let's say i wanted to spin this
particular content i want to use this
content somewhere in my marketing and i
would like to reword it just a little
bit and one way you can do it if you
click the spin
content spinner
okay
go up here
you can go like this
and select
you can click down here or just right
click
and go i want to
send selected
to the contact spinner so that's
there so here's the content spinner and
how does this work
the content spinner uses the translating
technique so if you're not familiar with
this it works like this so basically if
you go to google translate and you take
in your content
space being there you take your content
to google translate
and translate it from say english to
dutch
and then you take the result
of dutch language and he put it back in
to the translator and do another
translation from dutch to spanish
then again a third time you take that
spanish content you put it back in and
you translate it back to english again
what happens is the words will slightly
change but what's awesome is the google
translator tool is so powerful that will
it will keep the readability really
really well you could be able to read
the content super well
other content spinners they change
synonyms and all that stuff and it just
you when you read it it just sounds
horrible it just doesn't even make sense
where this always usually makes sense
and it usually changes the content
between 20 all the way up to 40
so it's really awesome
and you can select different
translations if you'd like if you i have
it set by default to dutch spanish and
back to english so it goes english to
dutch and spanish or whatever you start
with you can start with french i mean
you can always change these if you want
and then at the end when it's all done
translating i also have the auto
punctuate in here so if you want to
punctuate the output automatically you
can select that so let me show you how
this works and it's going to show you in
this browser here there's an integrated
browser let me just show you so
here's what's happening
it's going over the google translate
it's sticking it in there getting the
result
and doing the translations
it went back to english
and it auto punctuated and now this is
your
your um your content so
when you read it you see so we're going
to show you in this video different
tools so
this is why we will show you different
tools in this video i mean
you know
i rest my case
that's completely different than that
but yet it reads perfectly so
i always found this is one of the best
ways to spin content that just makes
sense and takes the least amount of work
now if you don't want to see all this
stuff going on over here you can hide
the browser
so i'm going to be creating another
video to show how to use this tool i
just want to quickly show that it's it's
built into the
convert to text tool
so you can actually spin all of this
content as well
it would it takes a while but let me
show you it can do it so if i let's
spend all content okay so
all the content is in there now
in google in this tool here you're only
allowed to do a maximum of 5 000
characters but
um through some
crazy sophisticated programming i spent
forever figuring out
i figured out how to do it so anyways
all you have to do is spin content
i mean it's going to take a while
there's a lot of characters so there's
10 blocks of 5000 it's got to go through
and each one
it's doing
those three things so it's going through
the three different languages for each
block of 5000 characters
and it will keep doing that
until it's done
all right i paused the video it did take
a few minutes for that to work
but now we can see
the content has been all spun
and
there's 8 000 words
589 lines so now we've taken all that
content and we spun the whole thing
absolutely free using the free google
translate tool
like i said it took forever for me to
figure this out otherwise the only other
option is to actually use the paid api
system through google and you have to
pay a little bit of money to use the
translator but i figured out a way to
use a free one just by using the
integrated browser and just doing it in
steps anyhow you can see the power of
this tool all this is unique
um
like
more unique than the original and now
you can what i suggest is still look at
this and maybe even type it in your own
words again a little bit and you'll have
unique content
that you started from
a video it could be your video as well
obviously if it's your video it's your
content you can do whatever you want
with it
you won't actually have to use the
spinning tool but anyhow i just want to
show you the power of this tool and just
how incredibly efficient it is to go
through you know 8 000 words in just a
few minutes
that's basically everything i need to
show you for how to convert video to
text and this is very powerful tool that
you should be utilizing in your
marketing to get basically unlimited
content from youtube
thanks for watching and i'll see you in
the next video
next here in this video i'm going to
show you how to use the content spinner
tool so integrated into the software we
have content spinner tool here so we can
spin any content we want to make it more
unique and different
this tool is really handy when using in
conjunction with the video to text tool
which i've shown before so i have a
video in here if you convert the video
to text it's nice to be able to
take this content and make it unique you
can auto punctuate it
then you can take this content and then
you can go and use the content spinner
but let me just bring it up here and
we'll just talk about the spinner tool
and how it works so before i show you
how it works i want to demonstrate it
on google so if you go to google and
type in google
translate
you go to the free translate tool here
and so
i have some content here i just copied
from the internet some random article i
found on etsy
so i put it here
now this is a um a popular way to make
content unique by using the free google
translate tool this is how kind of how
you do it basically what you do is you
take your initial content which is
english and i want to
translate it to a different language
let's say for example spanish
now you take this spanish and you copy
it
then you come over here
select all
delete
and then paste ctrl v on my keyboard now
i'm pasting the spanish and now let's
change it to
i don't know let's say
italian or i don't know let's pick one
here how about dutch
all right
so now i'm going to copy it again go
back over here select all control a on
my keyboard delete key ctrl c or sorry
control v to paste
we paste it in the dutch
and now let's go back to english
now the final english is going to be a
little bit different
than the original so i'm just going to
copy it here
and
this was the original so i'm just going
to go and word wrap and this is the
translated underneath
so you can see for newbies it's often a
battle between starting on etsy or shop
or building their own website for
beginners it's often a struggle between
starting on an etsy shop or building
your own website so i mean look awesome
that reads
the science behind this tool is
unprecedented it's unbelievable how well
it's readable after it's done a lot of
um like google a lot of spinning content
tools i mean there's some pretty awesome
ones out there but they always kind of
utilize taking a single word and then
finding a synonym a related word and
replacing it
and then half the time it doesn't read
very well in the end it's just so choppy
and read
really weird and like you don't really
want to use that kind of content
anywhere so
this always usually makes the output
really readable
so
the challenges i was faced in developing
this tool was the fact that using this
you can only do 5000 characters at a
time
and you saw how clunky that was trying
to copy and paste copy and paste change
the language like it's just it's a pain
in the butt right
i figured out how to do it all
automatically
inside of this tool i called the
translator spinning tool let's do the
exact same thing we just did so i'll
take that initial content again and
we'll put it into the input box at the
top
tells us how many lines uh words and
characters are in here and now you can
select the translations so i'm going to
go from english to dutch
dutch to spanish
spanish back
to english and i'm going to have the
auto punctuate
selected here so it'll automatically
punctuate the output for me
you don't have to do that but just add
as adds another level of sort of making
it more readable
so now what we want to do is we're going
to click spin and what's going to happen
is there's an integrated web browser in
here and it's going to do all that stuff
for us right before our eyes check this
out
so that's going to go in and it's going
to put in the english
then to dutch then back dutch to spanish
and spanish back to english
and then it auto punctuated and put the
output down here
just like that now if you don't want to
see all this
stuff going on over here in the web
browser that's fine you can just click
hide and just let it do its thing on
it's in the background there so you
don't have to see that jumping around
and just wait for the content
but here we go now we have this content
that's a little bit different
than this one
and for again it you could see it even
changed like for newcomers it's often a
struggle between starting an etsy
remember before we we did other
languages and it was different content
so
you have an infinite control here like
look at all these languages you can go
between
so you can go and experiment and do what
you want
and then you can always keep that sort
of flow
translation flow that works best for you
so you can basically create an endless
amount of different unique content from
the same one just by messing around with
the different translations first and
second
pretty awesome right now in here you can
actually i put these little control
buttons for each text box so here you
can spin all content save the text file
load or copy and paste
copy and paste buttons are here you can
also clear
same thing here
and this is show browser
now
i also want to show something else here
let's just clear everything out here
i want to get a whole bunch of content a
lot of content
so let's do that by
going to the videos tool and i'm going
to just search for diy
contains subtitles because i'm going to
extract the video to text so i'm going
to click search
and let's just go over to the video
length because usually the length of the
video will say be a lot of text in it
and let's go around whoops where did i
go here goes go around i don't see let's
say this one
and i'm going to right click
so i double click to select the row i'm
going to right click and go videos and
go
select
video to text let's go and convert that
so now we have the content
there's 13 000 characters
i'm going to go ahead and auto punctuate
this right here
this will take a second here because
it's a lot of content
auto punctuating takes this content you
see there's no periods no commas nothing
no paragraphs or anything it kind of
automatically does that for you
now that it's auto punctuated i'm going
to go ahead and spin all this content
and it puts it all in here there's 13
000 characters now remember when i told
you
in this tool you could only do 5 000
characters at a time
but
i got around that by doing it in blocks
of 5 000 so it's going to do blocks of 5
000 and then do the full translation for
each block and it does it all by itself
at the click of a button now i've
already auto punctuated so i probably
don't want to do it again so i'm just
going to unselect punctuate output
click spin
and you can see down here what's
happening it's working on one of three
blocks and it's translating the first
block
that one's done now it's going to go to
the second block and just do the
translations
to get the unique content and
then at the end it's going to put it all
together and put it in the output
so this is how we can do
pretty much limitless content
as we can see
the output wasn't auto punctuated that's
why i had this here so
i forgot let's clear that and let's do
it again
i've used this tool a tremendous amount
it
doesn't seem that google is blocking
anyone that uses the tool a lot
so
i've i've done content here of over 50
000 characters
with 10 different blocks
translating it three times each block
and it works just fine
but it does take a while to auto
punctuate so when there's a lot of
characters you know 20 000 plus even 13
000 it does take a bit to auto punctuate
so there we go so now we've auto
punctuated and we got our unique content
here
and there's you know 2 000 words
it looks like i need to fix that little
part there i'll do that in the software
but
now you can see just how powerful
this translator spinning tool is
so now what i wanted to do is put in a
tool inside the software so you didn't
have to go out and spend more money
to you know
um try or
spin content using some other content
spinner i just want to put one in here
that works well this is a great content
spinner and like i said you can change
the languages and mess around to get
what you want
it's always a good idea to even take the
final content and keep changing it if
it's not your content and also if you
haven't asked the content creator to use
their content it's a good idea to make
sure it's changed quite a bit
a good rule of thumb is you want to
change it almost by like 80 or something
like that usually this tool will change
the content around 20 to 40 percent
somewhere in there which is a really
really good start
and remember the output is always
usually very readable easy to understand
and it's different than the original
see today we're going to build garage
storage shelves that are cheaper and
stronger than what you would get at the
store today we're going to build garage
storage shelves that are cheaper and
stronger that you would get in the store
i mean that's very close to the original
actually so you might want to mess
around with changing the different
languages on your content
and usually when i change when i do
content you know i don't stick in 13 000
so if we just took that for example if i
just copied that
clear clear
and we can try some other random
content here and you could see
how it does
today build cheaper and stronger garage
storage shelves
than what you can get in the store so
i mean
it's changing it a little differently
like i said just play around with the
different options and you'll get what
you need
this this tool is awesome i love this
because it's free meaning you don't have
to pay for the google
system the api program that they have
application programming interface
you don't have to pay them more money to
use their translator they have a free
one why not make it free using this so
now we can basically use it for lots of
content
and it's all automated so
like i keep saying that this tool took a
tremendous amount of programming and
probably took me a month just on this
tool alone just to figure out how to do
it but it works really good right now
and it's so fun to use to make unique
content so go ahead and take advantage
of that content spinner for your
marketing needs
see you next video
now let's look at how to use the
comments tool so you want to analyze the
comments of a given video so i'm just
going to go over to the videos tool here
and let's go ahead and find
a video
that has a bunch of comments
this one has 4 800 comments so let's
double click that
right click videos and we'll send
selected video to comments tool so now
it puts the video up here
and so the way i've done this tool is
you have to first click the button to
load the video
into the integrated web browser
now sometimes
when you load the video the video might
start playing it's kind of annoying so
you'd want to stop it in this particular
case it didn't and so the only way you
can actually extract comments from
youtube without using the api is to
get it from the browser so as you know
when you go to a video you can come in
here and you can
scroll and get the comments but i want
to show you how to automate that a
little bit so first you click
number one you click the load video puts
it into the integrated web browser and
now i want to select the number of page
scrolls how many times you want to
scroll down let's just do 10
and so now if you click this it'll
automatically scroll in the browser for
you and extract
so once it gets to five page scrolls
it's going to extract the comments and
then continue until it gets to the
10 page scrolls and now it's extracting
the comments and we've got 180 comments
here so
let's take a look at the data we've got
the commenter the channel
the
when it was posted how many likes
the replies
if this comment has a question
and whether it has profanity now i do
want to um
say in advance this video does show
profanity as you can see down here
i apologize but this is something that
customers really wanted to know
whether or not comments have profanity
in them
if uh you can also control the profanity
list if you'd like you can right click
and you can go to
um
where is it now the comments tool and
you can go profanity list
and in the profanity list you can update
the words if you'd like
and you can put it in there if you don't
like seeing this column you can always
just
just do that to hide it right but it is
important to know
you know the content whether or not it
has profanity for your marketing use you
may want to say if you're analyzing your
own video and you want to quickly see
um you know who's swearing in your
comments you can go in and remove it or
something like that or you know another
good thing is say you're promoting a
product or someone is promoting a
related ecommerce product or something
like that or any product doesn't have to
be e-commerce and maybe you want to go
in and see at the profanity see how
angry people are and look at why people
are angry and then you can pinpoint
details for example like oh their
software totally sucks i don't like it
because it crashes all the time
something like that right gonna be like
oh this software is crashing why is it
crashing maybe i shouldn't promote this
product as an affiliate or something but
just gives you an additional insight
i've seen this data being extracted by
other similar kind of tools online so i
thought i'd put it into the software
so now you have a quick way of analyzing
the comments
now we can take this one step further
here
um let's clear this out
one thing you can do
is
i added a couple of very handy tools
down here if you go up to the top and go
down to where the comments start
let's see where they start here they are
you do have sorting abilities here so i
can sort by the top comments
or by the latest comment so if i go by
the latest comments i want to see what
the latest things people are saying so i
can do that and then i can do some auto
scrolling if i click start auto scroll
you know keep track of how many so i'll
just scroll
let's just say
five for now like that
now i can go extract comments
and now it's going to do its thing here
and it's got all the comments now i got
140 of them but these are the latest
comments
you see this one got the most likes this
particular comment so now you can
investigate
you know why that got a lot of
a lot of comments
now another thing you can do which is
awesome is you can
analyze
you can analyze these comments so let's
say if we select
all the comments and we can click
analyze down here or you can right click
and select analyze keywords and comments
this brings up this tool here we can see
the word combination and now we could
see the time the number of words that
occurred in those comments the
percentage the average likes per word
and the number of words so we can use
we can actually
excuse me
we can analyze multiple word
combinations so if we just go clear
we can go say three word combinations
and it finds the three word combinations
and you can see the times they occurred
and it gives you a value so this we
didn't analyze a lot of comments we
don't have a lot of data here but we got
an idea of which um
which words are getting more likes
per word combination so now you can put
a value to these comments and start to
uncover things
like this is really useful for
uncovering like problems with products
or like things that are good about
products so if you're doing research for
products you go into this tool extract
thousands of comments and they come in
here imagine instantly seeing the
popular three word combinations through
say 2 000 comments on a video that can
give you an incredible amount of insight
into a product
for example you can quickly see what
people hate about the product and what
people love about a product and then you
can apply those things to your own
marketing in such a way say for example
you want to create a product that's
similar we'll find out what's wrong with
other people's
competitors products and fix them in
your product you'll make and then you'll
get better results from your competitors
very powerful tool a lot of people do
this in other sorts of areas of
marketing and i decided to do this
within the comments these comments
are invaluable people are giving you
free data basically this is what's wrong
with what's going on here this is what's
good about your product take advantage
of that information
now
let's do the analyze again i want to
show you even further you can take this
even further this is so cool
let's say you select
one of these
for here i want to see okay this says i
love you but i'd like to see like what
comments that that came from
so if we select here and select view
comments
it will show you the exact comments
where that word combination existed
how powerful is that so now you can see
okay
like if this particular word combination
sparked some sort of idea i was like
okay well
how did that person say that word
combination now you can go and view them
exactly in here
that's really powerful
okay i just paused the video there and i
went um and i did the sort or i did the
sorting at the top here for the most the
top comments and then i didn't auto
scroll for 50 pages 50 auto scrolls and
extracted the comments and i got 918
comments so
what i'm going to do first is you can
actually save your data it's a good idea
to save data
so you don't lose it so i'm going to
save the comments
now we can go ahead and we can select
all
and i'm going to analyze
now let's take a look like say let's
look at
like uh yeah like three word
combinations usually good
and we could see the ones that got the
most average likes
i want to look at ones that occurred
more than say
nine
times so from the glass so what does
that mean so let's just click that and
let's view the comments
and we could see here
just freaking drink
and drink the glass okay
you can
drink water from the glass anyhow
this is not really a good example for
how you can apply it to marketing but i
just want to show you and highlight the
power of being able to look at the exact
comments that contain that word
combination
so really really cool doesn't matter
what you do
you can see where it's coming from
so you can also
oh and in here as well you also have
stop words so i totally forgot to
mention that so stop words are words
that you don't really want to analyze
like ah and about above after again i
mean you don't have to use them you can
just unselect if you don't want to or
you can add more words or remove words
whatever you want
let's go with say five word combinations
and then go over here and hit generate
word stats
this one occurred
five times so it seems to be some
recurring thing about drinking out of a
glass
so anyhow
i didn't even look at the actual video i
have no idea what it's about let me take
a look back to school diy hacks and
organization
all right well something about the
drinking out of a glass it looks like
she's drinking out of a
bag
anyhow
i just wanted to illustrate just how
awesome this is and you can save this
data too here
in the analyzer tool
the analyze comments tool
you can also as we've shown here we can
save data out from the comments tool to
a data file or comma separated or text
file
and you also access to all the different
filters you'd like to use just like
normal
and the filters are down here as well
you do the custom filters
so that's basically it for this
particular video and how to use how to
extract and analyze comments from any
youtube video
here i want to show you the updated
video downloader tool that i've
integrated into the software and so i
just want to show you a little update
with it if you want to go ahead and
download a given video
from your list here you can just select
the check box and you can right click
and then go video tool and you can go
download video and this will bring up
the video download tool
as you can see here now it will
automatically just put the link directly
in here and actually click the video the
link for you and get the actual
format available to download
and so there's a couple of versions here
we do a um
one that's a little bit better quality
than lower quality now for some reason
when you're downloading this directly
into the software
sometimes it can take a long time so if
you go and download you click download
here and you want to select a place to
download it
it can sometimes take several minutes
about 10 minutes here to download this
video obviously you could just put it
aside and just continue with your
research
and um you know get back to it later now
there's another option i put in here
sometimes can be a lot faster you can
click this right here open in browser
and what you can do here in the browser
you may have this option here we click
this button and you can download it
to your computer
much faster
so if we go ahead and save it
we can see here it almost downloaded
instantly so we can go in to the folder
you can see in chrome it allows you to
click this and show in folder
and now we have the video here
it's just off to the side there
so that's how we can download now
there's another thing i want to show you
in that tool
if i just make it a little bit bigger
here
and i'll just get this out of the way so
we're just looking at only this tool
so you'll see this checkbox up here if
you deselect it unselect that
and go get video formats it'll actually
get a whole bunch more formats
so let's take a look here so we got
these two formats which is that includes
video and audio and then there's a whole
bunch of just the video and then some of
just the audio so this is useful let's
say you want to get a video and you want
to sort of maybe edit the video itself
without the audio add your own audio or
have the audio and video separate so you
can kind of manipulate them in your
video editing software so this is an
option that we've provided in this tool
if you need to use it
so if you don't by default this is
selected and whenever you use the tool
it'll just show the ones that have video
and audio
now you can access to that tool from the
tools button as well at the top so you
click here you will see download video
here another place to get access to that
is if you actually double click any one
of these images it brings up the video
details window now in here you also have
the download button at the bottom so you
can download the video or if you'd like
you can also download the thumbnail
image of the video
now i do want to mention one thing i've
come across
is that sometimes there's videos you
just cannot download
from youtube and it's i think has
something to do with copyright rules and
other things like that that just they
just don't allow you to do it so um
let me just show you the example so i
did here a search for just trending
videos down here so just click that one
right click
and we'll go to
download video
and you'll see if you try to click open
nothing actually happens and if you try
to download it
it also
will not do anything it just kind of
stops
that's because youtube is preventing it
so not every video on youtube can be
downloaded using this software
so
that just keep that in mind you'll even
run into this problem if you try to use
say third-party video downloaders on the
internet they may not also be able to
get this particular video to download so
just want to keep that keep that in mind
when you're trying to download some
videos that sometimes you may not be
able to get it but from what i've seen
most of them will download
so that's basically some new things i
did in the software and that's it for
this video thanks for watching
now let's say we want to download
the image from that video you can do
that as well if you just double click
any of these images here in the image
column it brings up the video details
window you can also right click
video tools view video details
and in here you'll see there's a
download button
and you can download the uh thumbnail
image here or you can do that
the video here our demo video as well so
we go download image
that brings the thumbnail
and if we can
go back to
our saved spot there and we can see
that's the thumbnail that it downloaded
it comes out in nice big format
another really handy tool we've
integrated into the software is under
tools and go to video title generator
tool
so the video title generator is really
powerful for trying to find
or try and get some ideas
for coming up with your next video
titles we've integrated a lot of titles
in here
in fact there's over 1200 built-in
titles that you can select from that can
kind of help you make a decision what
you want to do in your video titles
so it just gives you an idea of where to
start with so let's say for example
we're doing with uh
let's say weight loss or lose weight
so basically all you do is just put in
your related keywords
one or two keywords that are related to
your topics like lose weight and we can
select from here get 10 random titles 20
or 100 let's just stick with 10 and just
hit generate
and you'll get 10 random titles and you
can see the word count and the character
count and for my research it's a good
idea to keep your character count
under 70
70 or under
so that your videos can show up
nicely in all sorts of devices so when
you're your video sort of title shows up
in like on an android device or an
iphone or ipad or whatever it's kind of
if you do some research around google
you'll see that 70 is usually the idea
so
a lot of these titles are under 70
already but you can see the word counts
and
and whatnot and the character counts and
then you can use these to try and come
up with your own ideas so the way that
this works is you stick your seed
keyword in and a whole bunch of
variations of the title will show up so
you can just keep generating
random ones at once or if you want to
see them all click generate you can see
all
1200 of them
and you can filter and if you want to
look at ones that are you know less than
20 characters
less than 50 characters or let's say
less than 70 put a 7 up here click apply
to clear out the filters so it's a
pretty easy tool to use it's pretty
self-explanatory you can copy each link
you can search youtube or google if you
want just click here it'll just go right
to youtube click here just go right to
google and search that
particular search term or you can copy
it to your clipboard
or you can right click sorry not right
click you can control c on your keyboard
so there's a bunch of different ways you
can do it
to get that title but then you can
utilize these titles within your
marketing it's always a good idea just
use ten random ones that you're not
overwhelmed by all the titles and
usually you'll find one real quick that
you just start with so
it's a really good good tool to use
let's see research
five things i wish i knew about etsy
research six ways etsy research can
drive you bankrupt fast that's probably
not a good one
10 of the biggest things that excite me
about etsy research so lots of different
ideas lots of different things to start
with and you can use these headlines in
your videos or for your clients videos
and that's how you use the video title
generator pretty self-explanatory really
powerful little tool to use and so you
can take advantage of it in your
marketing
here we're going to talk about how to
save
and view preview files there's two
formats of preview files which is table
format and feed format so let's let's
investigate that and you can do that in
both the videos tool and the channels
tool so in the videos tool you'll see um
we've got a bunch of video data we've
we've downloaded here and analyzed so
let's right click and we can go to
videos tool oh sorry right click go down
the preview
and you can preview
in html table format or html feed format
so let's go table
so in the table format you'll see it'll
be
actually
a full table with all the rows you can
sort
like so
you can even search inside here as you
type
you can see how many
how many if you want to see 10 per page
and then you can
you can pay page nation in there as well
we can see all of them
and so this
is a really cool way of analyzing the
data if you just mouse over you can
actually see the larger images there
another format you can do if you right
click preview you can go to feed format
and so and you can also sort so this is
sort of like
more like a um
kind of like what you see in pinterest
like little blocks and just a different
way of looking at the data and we have a
whole bunch of data here the views likes
dislikes rating comments and average
views per days
and
views per day i should say and you can
sort by each of them you can even search
up here as well
and so these particular files you can
actually deliver them to your clients
just like any other file let me show you
how to do that so if you go down here oh
before i do that when you go to channels
you got the same options you right click
and you can also preview
html table
and also right click and preview in the
feed format and you have a couple of
different ways to sort and you got the
searching ability as well
and to save them
go down to the file here you'll see
you can preview them here as well you
can export
i call them interactive html files
because as you notice you can interact
with those files
meaning you can do things like this you
can search
they're interactive so that's why i say
they're interactive files same with this
you can interact by you know sorting and
you can search and
all that kind of stuff
you could even remove
but if you refresh they'll just come
back excuse me they'll just come back
so what we can do now is we can save
those interactive files
by going file
export
interactive table file
so we'll save it here
and let's go ahead and save the
feed file
and it says saves it as a
dot html file
and so let's go to that location where
we saved it we don't remember just hit
file and go
open last working folder
sort by date and these are the two files
so these are self-contained files
um think of it like you know like a text
file
or a word document or a pdf
or an image or a video it doesn't matter
it's a self-contained file you can just
deliver this file to people just like
any other file and when your customer or
say your outsourced team or whatever
they they get this particular file on
their computer so you send it to them
through email or whatever when they get
it in their computer just like we're
looking at right now they got the file
in the computer all they have to do
is just double click that file
it will open in their default web
browser it will have all this
functionality built right into it the
entire file
so it's a self-contained interactive
html file
i think these are far more powerful than
a pdf report because a pdf report you
can't do things like sorting or
searching
you can't do that inside of a pdf file
it's just impossible so
with the html file you have those that
functionality it just adds a level of
interactivity to your clients or people
that are working for you can you look at
the file
one way to deliver the file is just
straight up delivering it as a html file
just like any other file you know attach
it to an email
and send it or put it on dropbox or
whatever you want to do
another way to do is you just compress
them and and send a compressed version
of the file so one way to do that is you
just right click
i use 7-zip
and i can go
add to 7-zip
7-zip is a free zip program
if you go to
dot 7-zip.org.com
and you can download the file here for
uh windows
um
[Music]
in the mac it's really easy just right
click and say compress and it's built
into the operating system windows
unfortunately doesn't have that so i use
7-zip it's free i've been using this
software for
seriously 20 years
it's a long time but it's pretty trusty
and it's never broke on me so um
i just i think i just have the 32-bit
one installed on my computer even though
my computer is 64-bit it doesn't really
matter just download one
and um
and once you download and install it
then you got access to it on the right
click 7-zip so you can add to an archive
even when you have an archive and you
want to unzip it you can right-click and
7-zip you can say you know extract here
or extract to a folder name the same
name
handy little tool to have but now i can
just deliver the dot zip file to my
customers
as an attachment to an email upload at
the dropbox or google storage or
wherever you whatever however you'd like
to deliver your files you can do it like
that so that's how you save
interactive html files and that's
basically how you can deliver them to
your customers
or
to your outsourced team or your workers
that are doing research for you on your
behalf
and they need that data
so what's cool is you can send them not
just the html reports but there's also a
lot of other file formats that you can
save to as well like comma delimited
file comma separated value more
specifically for spreadsheets like
microsoft excel
uh text files
those sorts of things
so that's how you save the interactive
web pages and how to preview them as
well
here i just want to quickly talk about
saving data and then opening it back up
in the software it is pretty
self-explanatory but i just want to
explain it a little bit in more detail
in most of the tools you're going to see
in here and all the windows that you
open up
you always see a file button usually the
file button is associated with the data
that it's near
and for example in the trends tool
you'll see there's a file here but if
you show the proxy part there's also
another file button so this fob button
is associated with this
window here and this file button is
associated with this window here but all
those file buttons you'll usually click
that and you'll have an option to save
to a project file whenever you see
project file that's specific to only
this particular tool so right now we're
inside the keywords tool
so if we go in save to a project file in
the keywords tool
it will be
a two bat less keywords file so if we
save that and just overwrite what's
there then if we clear this out
now we can load in
that file by clicking load project file
and it will recognize only that type of
file and if you click that it will load
up in here
but you do have the option to save it to
a comma separated value file
as well as a text file
and to get to where you saved your files
i always in most of the file buttons not
all of them you will see
get it into view here so we can see it
here get it up a little bit more
at the very bottom you'll see open last
working folder you also go to the
install folder if you need to see where
the software is installed on your
computer but
open last working folder this is where
we were just saving all those files
so you could see the keyword file
in text format
in
comma delimited
i have microsoft excel on my computer so
that's what it will default to when i
open it up
and then
you do have a couple of other options in
different
different tools to save like for this
one you can save just the keywords to a
common limit file or
just the keywords to
a text file
so we save the keywords here and we have
the keywords to a text file
and all the other tools are very similar
so
it's not much to really show here so
i mean you could save to project files
save the keywords if you'd like
a the proxy ones
you could save to
a file it just says a file here it's
just a text file
but saving and opening data
is quite self-explanatory for every tool
will always have a file button
and you can just save them out to what
you'd like and you can utilize
whatever tool you need to analyze the
data for example you know if you're
saving to the comma separated value file
then you'd use microsoft excel or
some other spreadsheet program that you
could open up csv files with
so it's just a quick little video i know
it's sort of self-explanatory but i did
want to show you
how to use those features in the
software
so next we're going to talk about how to
use the quick filters and the custom
filters throughout the software
so each one of the data grids you see in
all the various tools within the
software you'll see these little
search
um magnifying glass images i'm trying to
say is when you click on those you'll
get access to quick filters that i like
to call so you can quickly search in
those columns go to the videos tool and
we'll we'll work in here so when you
click on one that has a text for example
you can see this column has a lot of
text and not numbers
you'll get this text search window and
so what you can do is just start typing
any word in here like back to school
and you see everything come up and you
can see it it kind of covers the row a
little bit if you go over to this little
thing here this little icon and you can
you can actually move this around
anywhere on the computer screen to be
honest but as soon as you click anywhere
outside that little window it just
closes like any other pop-up for example
like when you right-click somewhere on a
page as soon as you click somewhere else
it goes away it's the same idea for this
little window here
so that's a handy little thing and and
as you type it will
start to
filter and to remove that filter you
click little xbox now when you come to a
column that has numbers you'll have some
options here so if you click that you'll
have all these different built-in
filters that you can just quickly select
and it'll automatically update the grid
again you can move it out of the way if
you want
and if you want to clear those filters
you can click the clear filter button
there
now let's say there's something in here
that you want to try that's not there so
for example i want to see everything
greater than say 122
click apply
and i'll apply that filter to there
that's pretty cool and you can do the
greater than
and less than
no there's nothing less than that let's
try like
something like that
oh there we go
so yeah if you just say less than
so that's how you can manually put it in
there
so that's how you kind of use the quick
filters it's really that simple to do
now let's talk about custom filters so
if we just go down the bottom you'll see
this filters button most of the grids
will have custom filters
so you click here the first one is to
clear filters like so let's say you had
a a couple of filters
built in you can actually go i'm not
built in um
some quick filters applied to the grid
and you'll notice that the column will
turn green
and that that represents that basically
says that column is filtered so we go
filters we can clear all filters boom
just like that so now what i want to do
is let's take a look at show filters so
you go down here go click show filters
you can see the actual filters in action
here
if you actually do
some quick filters you'll notice i'm
showing up over here as you do them they
kind of show up there
and you got access to all your filters
here for each grid as you move to
different
tools within the software this if this
window is open at the same time it will
update so if i go to channels tool
you'll see it switched over the channels
but there's no filters we have applied
on this in this grid but let's say we
did
we have one filter there
now you can see if i go back to the
videos to tool it will change to the
other filters in the videos
so now we see them and back to channels
if we go to
comments
so that's how you can see that the given
filters for each tool
now what i want to do is talk about a
little bit more about these custom
filters so let's go ahead and we can add
our own custom filters and here's how
you use it
so
we want to add a new filter just click
the little add button here
and it will add a new
row and in here you have to click a
couple times to get the drop down and
then click again and then you can see
what you want to filter so let's go and
look at like say the title
and i want to select a compare type
click in here until you you get the drop
down i want to see if the title contains
the word
diy or something like that and when you
do that you have to go down here and
click apply
and if we move over we can see that it
applied that
particular
filter
to the title
i want to show you something really cool
here
after a while of using this software
you're probably going to come up with
your own set of filters that you rely on
to find the data that you need
so i'm going to go in here and i'm going
to go remove
and remove all filters you can also just
remove the ones that are selected
selected in this particular case means
if the row is highlighted so you can see
that this one's highlighted so that's
selected
so let's move all
okay let's say you have a particular set
of filters you use all the time like i
only want to see videos that have
characters of
you know
less than 70.
i want to see views that are greater
than 500 or 200
likes that are greater than 500. so
let's just say for example this is your
set of filters that you always use all
the time when you're searching for what
you need in this particular tool what we
can do here is you have to save these
filters to a custom filter file every
grid has its own custom filter file
so now we can save that
and let's say we go here and let's clear
out the filters
what we can do is we can open that
filter file right from in here and then
hit apply and it automatically applies
let's try this again and remove all
filters and i'm going to close out this
window
and
one thing you can do
is you can apply the filter file really
quick so say you did a whole bunch of
analyzing here maybe you have a couple
thousand videos and apply your filters
really quick
you can just go filters
load filter file
click and find it as soon as you hit
that boom your filters are applied and
now you've got the data that you want
pretty awesome right another way to do
that if i clear the filters you can
right click and go to filters and you
got access to the data here as well load
filter file
just like that and so every tool has its
own filter file
and yeah it works extremely well
and that's basically how you use custom
filters it's quite self-explanatory very
easy to use very customizable which is
important so that you can utilize
custom filters in your own file
and
just
makes it really fast to get to the data
that you want and you know if you're
using this a lot and you have your set
of filters you always rely on then mouse
save it to a file so you just quickly
blast out your filters right away and
you get the data you need now you can
you can save the data to files
give it to your your staff or give it to
your outsourced workers or maybe you're
doing
actual research for clients you can
create all the files and deliver the
files to your clients
so this makes thing makes things work
really fast and quickly
in this quick video i just want to show
you how to manage your installs so
you're given a certain amount of
installs when you purchase the software
so if you click on the help button the
very top menu bar here and you'll see
manage installs go ahead and click
manage installs
it'll take you to a webpage where you
can see information about your account
and the number of installs you have
on this particular one i have three
installs right now i have up to 20. i
put 20 in there because it's just useful
for when i'm developing the software
then if you scroll down a little bit
you can see the computers that you're
installed on so right now i have
installed on three computers that i own
so pc and a couple of macs
and so
let's say you only have you're only
allowed three installs but you want you
want to install it onto another computer
you have and it's not installing saying
you have too many installs all you have
to do is like i said go in the software
you click help
manage installs
then on this page here
you can come in here and you can just
remove one of them so if you just go
remove like that
now it's removed now you can go back to
that computer
and you could inst and then you just
insta um sorry run the software and
it'll bring up that little window it
says register your software enter an
email that you purchased with and then
it will register and you got the
software on that other computer so
that's how you manage your computer it's
very simple sorry manage your installs
for each computer it's very simple easy
to use little interface we put on the
internet
that's it for this video thanks for
watching
in this video i'm going to quickly show
you how to generate hashtags using
several different tools built into the
tube atlas software now this is a new
kind of feature i put into the latest
version so let's go ahead and just
quickly go through it in the keywords
tool you'll see there's a new hashtags
button there if you click that you'll
see it you have a couple of options you
can also access those features by
right-clicking and going to hashtags so
basically what this does it just takes
the keywords you generated in the
keyword tool and then it you it copies
hashtags to your clipboard let me just
show you for example let's see let's
type in etsy
i get a bunch of keywords here and let's
say for example i want to sort the rank
by one and i just want to get
a bunch of the number ones here as
hashtags so just select the check boxes
and then now you can go right click or
you can select that little button down
there i'm just going to right click and
go copy selected keywords as hashtags
sorry hashtags so go ahead and click
that now if i just open up a text
document and just paste
you'll see those put in as hashtags so
hashtags will be the keywords with no
spaces and then you put the little um
number sign there in front of it
separated by spaces this makes it easy
so you can go ahead and copy those
hashtags into your
posts sorry youtube video descriptions
or wherever you'd like
let's go ahead and show how you can do
this elsewhere in the trends tool you
also have the exact same thing so if you
generate um keywords in here and you do
your analysis using the trends you can
go ahead and select the check boxes and
do the exact same thing
another one which is my opinion far more
effective because with the keywords you
can select the rank and you do have the
option to import search volume
from free sources as google or you can
use the
paid keywords everywhere so you can
actually get search volume information
so you can you know use the hashtags
that have keywords that produce a lot of
traffic so that's important but here's
another way to do it let's go over to
the videos tool
let's click in here and let's say we're
searching for
let's say forging
let's say you're doing a how-to video on
how to forge or something like that
and in here you can come over here
and in here if you come over you'll see
the tags these are all the tags that are
used within the videos well you can use
these tags as hashtags as well and so
what you'd want to do let's go ahead and
just right click and let's select all
the rows so let's go
check boxes
select all rows and click this little
analyze button and i'm going to analyze
the video tags
so now it's quickly gone through there
and i found all the comment video tags
amongst all those videos
so these are the top videos that came up
from searching in youtube and now we can
go ahead and see that forging is
obviously the number one the knife
making rusty
hand random hands i'm not sure what that
means um sword making forged and fire
all these sorts of things so you can
come in here now you can select the ones
that you'd want
like something like maybe not those
there we go now you can go hashtags down
here
copy selected and now you have access to
those hashtags but these hashtags are
really important because now you got
some really important data that you can
use in here we know that
these are getting high um
high number of likes per tag you can see
you can actually sort by likes per tag
and you can start getting a value of how
valuable these particular words are
because now you can use those as
hashtags
now we can do the exact same thing by
going analyze here
and using the video titles tool
so now we can look at the keywords in
titles and analyze these so forging
appeared 21 times so now again we can
select them and copy as hashtags or we
can go ahead and clear these out
and do a three word combination and look
at the three word combinations that show
up
out of rusted out of rusty so
there must be a lot of keywords are
saying like you know
i created a knife out of a rusted
um steep piece of steel or something
like that anyhow
now you get a better sort of way of
pinpointing what tags you want to use
now in a recent version of the software
i did implement an estimation how much
you know estimated revenue that these
videos will make
based on ad revenue now these are
complete estimates you know take them
with a grain of salt i found a formula
on the internet which was able to
calculate this but it gives you an idea
of which ones could have more potential
at making more money so you want to like
kind of concentrate on these ones and
look at their tags so
that's another way you can look at tags
sorry hashtags is what i'm trying to say
now let me show you one more thing
here another way to do this is clear
this all out and go to the browse and
use the built-in browser let's go ahead
and go to home
and
let's do the same thing here and let's
just search
forging
and now i can use filters
and i want to look at the most popular
let's say this or no that's uploaded see
i want to look at sort by
the
viewer account view count so i can do
view count
and of course you can do any of these
other filters in here as well but i'll
just do view count for now so i know
that that um
youtube has returned a bunch of results
based on view count so these got the
most views so i can hit the auto scroll
here and just scroll a couple pages and
get some results in this integrated web
browser
now i'll just stop here
and go extract video links
this can sometimes take a bit there we
go found 166 so i'm going to go ahead
and add those to my video tools
now i do have other videos in help
videos that show you how to use that
tool i just shown you but right now i
just want to get to it so i click get
data so now we're going to extract all
the data for those 166 videos
so now we've extracted those videos and
we know they had a lot of views
and so now we can do things like you
know estimated earnings
for video estimated earnings per day for
each video
now we can come in here and we can start
looking at what
what these
tags are so now we can analyze these
tags and get a better idea of what we're
looking for
so that's another very very powerful way
of trying to go and find those keywords
that you need as hashtags
in your youtube descriptions or whatever
marketing you require to have hashtags
in
and that's it for this video we'll see
you in the next one
in a recent new release of the software
i added another feature which basically
gives the ability to estimate the video
earnings from ad revenue as you can see
the new columns here in the videos tool
and i also added a couple in the
channels too let's just take a quick
look here so now you can see the
estimated video earnings now i found a
special algorithm formula on the
internet that just does a rough estimate
so obviously this is not exact it's just
an estimate giving another sort of
variable another metric that you can use
to guide you on trying to figure out
which videos are really hot and which
ones you kind of want to analyze within
your marketing so now you can sort real
quickly by the estimated video earnings
from ad revenue as well as estimated
earnings per day so what this does it
takes the overall estimated earnings and
it divides it by the published age in
days so that's how this number is
created let's go over to the channels
section here and let's do a quick search
okay i just pause the video and search
that there and
we can see over here we've got the total
earnings so this is total channel
earnings obviously estimated and the
estimated earnings per video
so now you have another metric here that
can really help you pinpoint those top
producing channels on youtube so that is
a new feature i've integrated into a
recent release that i'm gonna i'm sure
that you guys gonna find very useful
within your marketing
another great feature i've recently
integrated was the ability to extract
emails from the description so i've
noticed that in the descriptions of
video sometimes people will enter their
email address because they would like to
be contacted for certain things like
collaborations or maybe doing some sort
of mutual marketing or whatever so if
you'd like if you're interested in
getting those emails i do have another
column here so if you just sort here you
can see all the emails that we have
extracted obviously
not every video owner is going to put
their email in there and
so you but you can get access to a whole
bunch of emails and if you want to see
just the ones with emails you can do a
quick search here and just put the at
symbol so there's 59 emails in this one
it also gathers multiple emails so if
there's more than one email given in the
actual description it will show it here
as a comma delimited thing and please
note that sometimes these may not be an
exact email it might actually be like an
instagram profile link or something like
that but the software does a pretty good
job of getting the correct email out of
there you can always just if you're not
sure you can just you know select that
video go on over and just double click
the image and bring up the description
and then in here you can take a look so
there is multiple emails there's three
of them in here so
that's a new tool we put in there also
in the channels
there's the same thing it looks in the
description the channel description to
see if there's any emails and you can
see here there's a bunch
i did a search for uh forging in here
and you can see there's a bunch there
so that's another feature we've added in
there so it gives you the ability to
contact the youtube video owner whether
you want to do some business with them
or whatever you need the email for it's
a good idea to
make sure you do not spam these emails i
want to stress that is a big big no-no
this is just this is was created just so
that you can have the ability to contact
youtube owners if you want to do extra
business with them or something like
that i do not recommend grabbing these
emails and just started promoting
products to these people that is not
what you want to do so anyhow that is
the email extraction feature we've
integrated into the videos tool and the
channels tool
now one thing i recently updated in the
software is the ability to add multiple
youtube login so if you click the
settings button here at the top
you'll see
youtube logins previously i just had it
so you had one login in here but if you
have multiple youtube accounts this
comes in handy
now of course you you're not required or
have to enter in your youtube login
information if you don't want to it's
totally optional just makes it a little
bit easier when you're using the
integrated web browser within the
software so i'll show that in just a
second but um
what you do here now is you enter in
multiple
youtube logins and the passwords are
completely encrypted so they're saved on
a file on your computer and in that file
the password is encrypted so no one can
see it if you do want to see the
password here you can click the show
button it will temporarily show the
password as you hold down the button
when you let go of the button it will
hide it again but it's all safe in here
so don't worry about that let's go ahead
and add another youtube login so this is
all pretty self-explanatory if you want
to add one click the little add button
and we'll go ahead and add in our email
and password
and i'll add it here if you want to edit
just select the row and just click edit
and you can edit the email and password
so let's click apply
so now for in the videos tool let's go
to browse and go browser so in here this
is where it comes in handy the
integrated web browser let's say you go
to youtube and you click here and i go
home and i want to log in so go i want
to sign in but i don't want to keep
remembering my password and my email all
the time especially if you have multiple
accounts and you'd like to log into a
certain account to see certain videos be
based on how you've been searching
within that account
so
what it is i made a really cool little
tool here i just love this so all you
gotta do is up here the user pass you
just hit that it'll show you your saved
logins and you have your email here so
you know which login it is and you have
these little handy buttons just go ahead
and
see it in view here
just go ahead and click copy email and
just click there
here and you can right click and paste
and go actually i want to do my other
login so
here
go copy email here right click and paste
next
and then we go ahead and grab our
password
right click and paste
and just like that
we're logged into that account
it's pretty handy makes things really
quick and i i love it actually it's
pretty awesome so that's the new little
feature i integrated where you can
basically log into multiple youtube
accounts from within one tool
in this video i'm going to show you how
to get the basically search for creative
commons videos so videos that have the
creative commons license and sort of
what i'm talking about here i integrated
this into a recent version here and you
can see under the video tools you do
have the option here now as i explained
in other videos um this part right here
like when you search using this in the
videos tool please note that it will
only take the first page results just
the way that youtube is built but there
is a way of getting way more and i'll
show you again in this video but for now
let's just unselect these ones here and
i just want to show you this feature so
when you put in creative commons license
and you come in here and you type in
you know make money online or something
like that
click search and go through the
first page results in youtube and i'll
grab
videos searching for the creative
commons license
so if we just take a quick look over
here we added a column here to creative
commons it will still pick up maybe some
that don't have any
but these ones do so basically the
creative commons license um according to
youtube allows you to use the content of
that video
see here i'm on youtube just using a
private browser and now if i go um you
know make money online
and then here in the filters you can
select creative commons
and let's just go to one of these videos
let's say this one for example
pause it if you go down to the
description
you should see this license here
creative commons
so we click that it'll take you over to
notification by
youtube giving more details about the
creative commons license
you can see here by making your video
original video with creative commons
license you're granting the entire
youtube community the right to reuse and
edit that video
so that's the license so now we know
that we can edit these videos and use
the content so now what we can do is we
can we can use this in the video to text
tool so we can double click the row to
select it right click video tools or
video tool and then go to convert
selected video to text
basically all that does is just copies
the link into here
and then we can convert the text and we
can do the auto punctuate
it might take a little bit this takes a
little bit because that's to do a bunch
of chugging away to make all this look
pretty
that wasn't too fast so there we go
now we can utilize this content how
you'd like obviously you can use all the
other things like the content spinner
and finder replace things like that
but i do want to show you another way to
get way more videos here because
obviously you're only limited to the
first page when you use this little tool
here but
i just clear that out and you go to
browse or import click the browser and
now we'll just use the browser to do
what we want to do
so let's go on over to youtube in here
and if you don't want to be signed in
like i'm not signed in right now
sometimes you want to search youtube
without being signed in so
to do that you could just hit that clear
cash button up here and that will sign
you out or you can actually just click
this and sign out of your account
but for now i'm just going to go here
and go so this is where you want to do
the same thing so basically this is just
a built-in web browser right so make
money
online
i'm going to search
and i'll do the same thing i did before
hit the filters
creative commons
and of course i can select any other
filters i want let's say i want to look
at you know i just want to see a video
type
i just want to look at stuff that was
updated this year so do whatever you
want with the filters right and now
again just do the little start artist
auto scroll and go through and scroll a
bunch of times so what we're doing is
just loading up a bunch of results
inside the web browser real quick let's
just do 10
let's stop that and now come over here
extract video links it'll extract all
the links it found
found 237 so now we can go and add those
to our video tools we'll click add
i don't add links to video tools because
we're analyzing videos not channels
now here are the videos let me just go
ahead and click get data
and i'll start chugging away through
there but sometimes other videos will
kind of be other links will be kind of
extracted out of that integrated web
browser that may not be have the license
so that's why it's a good idea to check
that column over here
so as you can see right away there's a
whole bunch that didn't show up
just scroll down a bit more
yeah here they go so
you might see a bunch of no here well
some of these videos might actually be
other stuff that's going on in the
integrated web browser
here let's just uh stop that here
and do all of them
so if you go into the browser
you'll notice that
a lot of the times you'll have like
other videos that are in here like that
you can't see
like let me see let me show you here
over in
the other web browser i just head up
the kind of the nonsense stuff that's
going on over here well that's kind of
still in the source code
i had to pause that for a second there
but anyway just some hidden stuff in
this you might get some of the videos in
here might actually not be part of the
actual search results that's fine that's
why i put all those um columns into the
thing so you can easily oops
so you can easily get to what you want
so in here you can just go
and just type in yes to filter
everything out so we've got 87 in here
right now that have all creative commons
and now we can go ahead and do our
normal research and convert this to text
and do what we want with the content or
take the video and reuse it so again if
you want to reuse a video you can just
right click
sorry double click the video you want
right click video tools and go to
download video
and now you can come in here and you can
do stuff like
i'd like to you know unselect this and
you can get video formats and now you've
got a whole bunch of different options
here you can get
your video only with no audio video with
audio so you can add your own audio do
what you want edit the video
things like that so you can download it
here as i mentioned in the previous
video if you haven't seen the one where
you can download videos
sometimes you need download to your
computer depending on your internet
connection it can take a while so it's
actually a little better to do it in the
browser so if you want to come here and
download one of these videos i always
suggest clicking the open button here
and it opens up in your web browser like
this
and
your web browser has the ability to
download it a little faster so you come
here and you click this little three
dots and you can go download a video
here now you can download it to your
computer somewhere
like so
but i'm not going to download it but
just showing you that
that's basically how you can search for
basically unlimited creative commons
videos by using that integrated web
browser you can do anything you want in
google here by suck sorry not google
youtube by selecting those filters and
whatnot and getting the data that you
want and then using the software here to
extract all that data and this nice
little grid so now you can sort through
and use the filters and all the good
stuff in here
so that's what i want to show you in
this video thanks for watching
[Music]
you